Feeding Profit
How food environments are failing children
CHILD NUTRITION REPORT 2025
CHILD NUTRITION REPORT 2025 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN
© United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF)
September 2025
Suggested citation: United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), Feeding Profit. How food 
environments are failing children. Child Nutrition Report 2025, UNICEF, New York, September 2025.
Permission is required to reproduce any part of this publication. 
Permissions will be fully granted to educational or non-profit organizations.
Please contact:
UNICEF
Child Nutrition and Development, Programme Group
3 United Nations Plaza, New York, NY 10017, USA
Email: nutrition@unicef.org
Website: www.unicef.org
Credits: cover: © UNICEF/Reuter; illustrations: © Adobestock and © SE Schupp; page vi: © UNICEF/
UN0846048/Florence Goupil - Highway Child; page viii: © UNICEF/UNI621620/Ashu Rai - Highway Child; 
page 5: © UNICEF/UN0565505/Carlos Pazos; page 7: © UNICEF/UN0567892/Balam-ha Carrillo; page 
8: © UNICEF/UN0845391/Florence Goupil - Highway Child; page 11: © UNICEF/UNI522002/Martin San 
Diego - Highway Child; page 14: © UNICEF/UNI559015/Daylin Paul - Highway Child; page 16: © UNICEF/
UN0567912/Balam-ha Carrillo; page 20: © UNICEF/UNI630964/Amaury Falt-Brown - Highway Child; 
page 27: © UNICEF/UNI622018/Ashley Gilbertson - Highway Child; page 32: © UNICEF/UNI456975/Bishal 
Bisht - Highway Child; page 38: © UNICEF/UNI456964/Bishal Bisht - Highway Child; page 40: © UNICEF/
UNI596261/Amaury Falt-Brown - Highway Child; page 42: © UNICEF/UNI621631/Ashley Gilbertson - 
Highway Child; page 45: © UNICEF/UNI621622/Ashu Rai - Highway Child; page 45: © UNICEF/UNI621668/
Ashu Rai; page 45: © UNICEF/UNI621675/Ashu Rai - Highway Child; page 46: © UNICEF/UNI454535/Amit 
Madheshiya - Highway Child; page 49: © UNICEF/UNI630963/Amaury Falt-Brown - Highway Child; page 50: 
© UNICEF/UNI512396/Danielle Schear - Highway Child; page 52: © UNICEF/UNI209795/Zhanara Karimova; 
page 63: © UNICEF/UNI456026/Ashu Rai - Highway Child; page 66: © UNICEF/UNI725584/Pablo Herrerías; 
page 68: © UNICEF/UN0567925/Balam-ha Carrillo; page 72: © UNICEF/UNI618469/Frank Dejongh.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  iii
FEEDING
PROFIT
How food environments 
are failing children
CHILD NUTRITION REPORT 2025
iv  FEEDING PROFIT
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
This publication was prepared by the UNICEF Child Nutrition and Development Programme of 
the UNICEF Programme Group in collaboration with the Data and Analytics Section of the UNICEF 
Data, Analytics, Planning and Monitoring Division.
Report team: 
Authors: Harriet Torlesse, Vrinda Mehra, Katherine Shats, Claire Johnson, Rowena Merritt, Chika 
Hayashi, Nita Dalmiya, Mauro Brero, Victor Aguayo and Joan Matji 
Data analysis: Alessandro Catalini, Rhys Manners and Louise Mwirigi
Editing and design: Julia D’Aloisio (editing) and Nona Reuter (design)
Internal Technical Advisory Group (in alphabetical order)
Michelle Alvarez, Cristina Álvarez Sánchez, Janneke Blomberg, Annalies Borrel, Cecilia de Bustos, 
Suying Chang, David Colozza, Karan Courtney-Haag, Aashima Garg, Abner Daniel, Marie-Claude 
Desilets, Agnes Erzse, Alison Feeley, Kathleen Heneghan, Annette Imohe, Siméon Nanama, Mara 
Nyawo, Veronica Risso Patron, Christiane Rudert, Vani Sethi, Linda Shaker, Ali Shirazi, Vilma Tyler, 
Paula Véliz, D'Arcy Williams and Sarah Zahr.
External Technical Advisory Group (in alphabetical order)
Mona Alsumaie, Ministry of Health, Kuwait; Monica Arora, Public Health Foundation of India; 
Philip Baker, University of Sydney; Louise Bauer, World Obesity Federation; Colin Bell, Deakin 
University; Laura Cobb, Resolve to Save Lives; Camila Corvalán Aguilar, Institute of Nutrition and 
Food Technology, University of Chile; Elizabeth Dunford, University of New South Wales; Santi F. 
Gómez, Gasol Foundation; Purnima Menon, International Food Policy Research Institute; Carlos 
Augusto Monteiro, University of Sao Paulo; Dariush Mozaffarian, Tufts University; Abigail Perry, 
World Bank; Sirinya Phulkerd, Mahidol University; Juan Rivera, National Institute of Public Health, 
Mexico; and Zhenyu Yang, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
Special thanks to:
Majid Ezzati and Bin Zhou, Imperial College London, and Richard Kumapley and Gretchen A. 
Stevens, World Health Organization, for their collaboration on data from the Non-Communicable 
Disease Risk Factor Collaboration (NCD-RisC) on overweight, obesity and thinness among 
children and adolescents aged 5–19 years.
Ty Beal, Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition, and Anna Herforth, Wageningen University & 
Research, for providing technical inputs on dietary assessment in adolescents aged 15–19 years. 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  v
CONTENTS
Acknowledgements	
iv
Foreword	
vii
Executive summary	
1
1 | OUR RESEARCH: The forces shaping children’s diets	
8
The rise in overweight and obesity	
9
How unhealthy diets and overweight harm children, families and societies 	
9
Food environments and why they matter	
14
What does this report aim to contribute?	
18
2 | OUR FINDINGS: The scale of overweight, obesity and unhealthy diets 	
20
Finding 1: The global surge in overweight is affecting children and adolescents in every region 
of the world	
21
Finding 2: Low- and middle-income countries are experiencing the steepest rise in overweight
 in school-age children and adolescents	
26
Finding 3: Globally, obesity has overtaken underweight as the more dominant form of malnutrition 
among school-age children and adolescents	
28
Finding 4: The diets of children and adolescents are loaded with unhealthy foods and beverages, 
including ultra-processed foods 	
31
3 | OUR ANALYSIS: The drivers of unhealthy food environments	
38
Analysis 1: Inexpensive ultra-processed foods and beverages are flooding retail markets and 
infiltrating schools	
39
Analysis 2: Children are highly exposed to the marketing of ultra-processed foods and beverages 
at home, school and play, particularly digital marketing	
49
Analysis 3: The unethical practices of the ultra-processed food and beverage industry undermine 
government action and exploit children, even in times of crisis	
56
Analysis 4: Inadequate legal measures and policies enable the ultra-processed food and beverage 
industry to manipulate children’s food environments	
62
4 | OUR RECOMMENDATIONS: An agenda to transform children’s food environments	
68
Eight key recommendations	
69
Commitment and accountability for action	
71
Annex 1: Regional profiles	
73
Annex 2: Notes on figures	
92
Endnotes	
96
vi  FEEDING PROFIT
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  vii
FOREWORD
policies – including marketing restrictions, food 
labelling and taxes on unhealthy foods and 
beverages – can protect children and adolescents. 
Meanwhile, policies such as targeted subsidies on 
healthy food, mandatory large-scale fortification 
of appropriate foods and social transfers to 
address income poverty are needed to increase 
the availability and affordability of nutritious foods 
for children.  
 
While we know what works, we have much work 
to do to make it a reality: today, no country has a 
comprehensive set of measures to protect children 
from unhealthy food. Yet there are hopeful signs 
that change is possible and happening. Drawing 
from recent examples of countries that have made 
extraordinary progress, we present an agenda for 
transforming children’s food environments through 
eight key actions – with recommendations for 
governments, civil society, the food and beverage 
industry and other actors.  
With governments in the lead, supported by UNICEF 
and civil society, in partnership with the private 
sector, we can ensure that every child realizes their 
right to nutritious and healthy food.
Catherine Russell
Executive Director, UNICEF
 
UNICEF works to address child malnutrition in many 
countries. Today, the global prevalence of obesity 
among school-age children and adolescents has 
surpassed underweight. The double burden of 
malnutrition has dire consequences for the health 
and future potential of children, communities 
and nations.  
 
Low- and middle-income countries are experiencing 
the steepest rise in overweight among school-age 
children and adolescents, while still grappling with 
child undernutrition. These countries are fighting an 
uphill battle: they are striving to end undernutrition 
and secure nutritious diets for children in an 
environment where harmful foods are thwarting 
their efforts.
This Child Nutrition Report – Feeding Profit: How 
food environments are failing children – reveals 
how unhealthy food environments are driving the 
worldwide surge in children living with overweight 
and obesity. It describes how these environments 
expose children and adolescents to a constant supply 
of cheap, ultra-processed foods and sugary drinks, 
while failing to make nutritious options available and 
affordable to families. 
Children depend on good nutrition to develop their 
minds and bodies. They are, therefore, the hardest 
hit when it comes to the impact of unhealthy food. 
But it does not have to be this way. We know that 
comprehensive mandatory legal measures and 
viii  FEEDING PROFIT
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  1
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Millions of children and adolescents are growing 
up in environments where sugary drinks, salty 
and sweet snacks and fast foods, including 
ultra-processed foods and beverages, are 
highly accessible and aggressively marketed. 
These unhealthy food environments are driving 
nutrient-poor, unhealthy diets and a surge in 
overweight and obesity among children and 
adolescents, even in countries still grappling with 
child undernutrition. 
The cost of inaction for children, adolescents, families, 
societies and economies is immense. Unhealthy 
diets increase the risk of overweight, obesity and 
other cardiometabolic conditions in children and 
adolescents, including high blood pressure, elevated 
blood glucose and abnormal blood lipid levels. These 
health problems can persist into adult life, increasing 
the risk of non-communicable diseases, including 
type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and some 
cancers. Overweight and obesity are also associated 
with low self-esteem, anxiety and depression among 
children and adolescents. Parents bear the emotional 
toll of their children’s mental health challenges and 
the financial strain of higher medical expenses and 
lost income to care for them. Economies throughout 
the world are already struggling with escalating 
health care costs and reduced workforce productivity 
because of rising overweight and obesity.
The ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
holds disproportionate influence over children’s food 
environments. It shapes what foods and beverages 
are produced and how they are marketed, especially 
in settings where government regulation is weak or 
absent. In pursuit of profit, the industry leverages 
vast financial resources and deep political influence 
to resist policies aimed at creating healthier, more 
equitable food environments. This imbalance of 
power makes it difficult for governments, communities 
and families to protect children’s right to food 
and nutrition. 
OUR RESEARCH
The forces shaping children’s diets
This global report examines how unhealthy food 
environments are shaping children’s and adolescents’ 
diets and contributing to the surge in overweight 
and obesity. It presents data on the status, trends 
and inequities in overweight and obesity in children 
and adolescents, and projects when obesity will 
overtake underweight as the more prevalent form of 
malnutrition. It also reviews the latest evidence on 
children’s and adolescents’ diets and investigates the 
key forces driving unhealthy food environments.
We analysed data on nutritional status from the 
UNICEF, World Health Organization (WHO) and World 
Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates database 
for children aged less than 5 years, and the Non-
Communicable Disease Risk Factor Collaboration 
(NCD-RisC) for children and adolescents aged 5–19 
years. Dietary data were sourced from the UNICEF 
Global Infant and Young Child Feeding databases 
for children aged 6–23 months, and the Global Diet 
Quality Project for adolescents aged 15–19 years. 
We present analysis from a global U-Report poll 
among adolescents and young people aged 13–24 
years on their exposure to advertisements for sugary 
drinks, snacks and fast food. In addition, the report 
draws evidence from state-of the art reviews on 
commercially produced complementary foods, ultra-
processed foods and sugar-sweetened beverages, 
and from UNICEF-supported studies on the drivers 
of unhealthy food environments.
2  FEEDING PROFIT
OUR FINDINGS
The scale of overweight, obesity and 
poor diets 
Our findings expose the current scale of overweight 
and obesity among children and adolescents 
worldwide, the rapidly increasing prevalence in 
low- and middle-income countries, and the shift 
from underweight to obesity as the more dominant 
form of malnutrition among 5–19-year-olds. We also 
explore how sweet, salty and fried foods and sugary 
beverages – including ultra-processed foods and 
beverages – are embedded in children’s diets in early 
life and persist into late adolescence.
Finding 1. The global surge in overweight is 
affecting children and adolescents in every 
region of the world.
Globally, one in twenty children under 5 years of age 
(5 per cent) and one in five children and adolescents 
aged 5–19 years (20 per cent) are living with 
overweight. Latin America and the Caribbean, the 
Middle East and North Africa and North America rank 
in the top three regions for overweight prevalence 
among children and adolescents aged 0–19 years. 
However, East Asia and the Pacific, Latin America and 
the Caribbean and South Asia account for more than 
half of all children and adolescents with overweight 
globally (241 million out of 427 million).
Since 2000, the number of children and adolescents 
aged 5–19 years living with overweight has doubled 
from 194 million to 391 million. Some regions have 
experienced a much greater rise in overweight than 
others. In South Asia, the region with the lowest 
prevalence of overweight in 2000, the prevalence 
increased almost fivefold by 2022, and in East Asia 
and the Pacific, Latin America and the Caribbean, 
and the Middle East and North Africa, the prevalence 
increased by at least 10 percentage points.
Finding 2. Low- and middle-income countries are 
experiencing the steepest rise in overweight in 
school-age children and adolescents.
The prevalence of overweight among children and 
adolescents aged 5–19 years has historically been 
highest in high-income countries. However, since 
2000, overweight has more than doubled in low- and 
middle-income countries, compared to a modest 
1.2-fold increase in high-income countries. As a result, 
the gap in prevalence is narrowing, and low- and 
middle-income countries now account for 81 per cent 
of the global overweight burden, up from 66 per cent 
in 2000.
As nations develop economically, the pattern of child 
overweight shifts. In low-income countries, children 
are more likely to have overweight if they belong 
to wealthier households, which can afford larger 
quantities of food, including energy-dense foods. 
As countries transition to middle-income status, 
ultra-processed foods and beverages become more 
widely available and more affordable, increasing the 
prevalence of overweight among children across all 
household income levels. In high-income countries, 
the pattern reverses: nutrient-poor, unhealthy diets 
are a marker of poverty, not affluence, and child 
overweight tends to be more common among children 
and adolescents belonging to poorer households.
Finding 3. Globally, obesity has overtaken 
underweight as the more dominant form of 
malnutrition among school-age children and 
adolescents.
Since 2000, obesity has risen at a faster rate 
than overweight among school-age children and 
adolescents. At the same time, there has been a 
steady fall in the prevalence of underweight. In 2025, 
a historic turning point was reached: for the first 
time, the global prevalence of obesity among children 
and adolescents aged 5–19 years surpassed that of 
underweight (9.4 per cent versus 9.2 per cent).
Obesity accounts for a growing share of all overweight 
cases. In 2022, 42 per cent of all children and 
adolescents aged 5–19 years living with overweight 
had obesity (163 million out of 391 million), up from 
30 per cent in 2000 (58 million out of 194 million). This 
is immensely concerning because obesity is more 
difficult to reverse than overweight and has a greater 
risk of serious health conditions.
Finding 4. The diets of children and adolescents 
are loaded with unhealthy foods and beverages, 
including ultra-processed foods. 
In 2021, UNICEF and WHO introduced new indicators 
for monitoring the consumption of unhealthy foods 
and beverages in children aged 6–23 months, such 
as sweet, salty and fried foods and sweet beverages. 
While there are currently insufficient data to produce 
global estimates, available data show that more than 
50 per cent of young children consumed sweet foods 
or beverages during the previous day in 13 out of 20 
low- and middle-income countries. 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  3
In adolescents aged 15–19 years, data from the 
Global Diet Quality Project reveal that a staggering 
60 per cent consumed more than one sugary food 
or beverage during the previous day, 32 per cent 
consumed a soft drink and 25 per cent consumed 
more than one salty processed food. Furthermore, 
studies show that ultra-processed foods and 
beverages account for at least one-third of the total 
energy intake of adolescents in Argentina, Belgium, 
Chile and Mexico, and at least half of total energy 
intake in Australia, Canada, the United States and the 
United Kingdom. These levels are so high that they 
match the description of a staple food – meaning they 
constitute a dominant portion of adolescents’ diets.
OUR ANALYSIS
The drivers of unhealthy food 
environments	
Our analysis finds that unhealthy foods and 
beverages, including ultra-processed foods and 
beverages, are widely available, inexpensive and 
aggressively marketed in the places where children 
live, learn and play. The unethical business practices 
of the ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
undermine efforts to put legal measures and policies 
in place to protect children from unhealthy food 
environments. However, with determined action, 
governments can adopt comprehensive, mandatory 
measures to reshape food environments and uphold 
children’s right to food and nutrition. 
Analysis 1. Inexpensive ultra-processed foods 
and beverages are flooding retail markets and 
infiltrating schools.
Global sales of ultra-processed foods and beverages 
are rising sharply, driven by rapid growth in middle-
income countries, where modern retail outlets, online 
grocery stores and food delivery apps are expanding 
rapidly, alongside traditional outlets. These ultra-
processed foods and beverages tend to be relatively 
cheaper than fresh or minimally processed nutritious 
foods – due partly to agricultural subsidies that 
artificially lower the cost of key ingredients, such as 
corn, soy and wheat. 
Evidence from both high- and middle-income 
countries shows that retailers disproportionately 
expose children in poorer neighbourhoods to 
unhealthy foods and beverages, including ultra-
processed foods and beverages. For example, our 
research in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica and 
Mexico found that retailers were more likely to 
prominently display sweet snacks and sugary cereals 
at entrances and within children’s reach in poorer 
communities than in wealthier areas.
In the absence of effective policies, schools are also 
being infiltrated by unhealthy foods and beverages – 
undermining their role as safe spaces for children and 
adolescents. According to the Global Survey of School 
Meal Programs, one in four school meal programmes 
serve processed meat (25 per cent), about one in five 
serve sweets/ice-cream (21 per cent) and deep-fried 
foods (19 per cent), and 14 per cent provide sugar-
sweetened beverages. UNICEF studies in the United 
Republic of Tanzania and Zimbabwe reveal how public-
private partnerships have enabled ultra-processed 
food companies to distribute ultra-processed 
products in schools, build brand loyalty among young 
learners and strengthen their corporate reputation. 
Analysis 2. Children are highly exposed to 
the marketing of ultra-processed foods and 
beverages at home, school and play, particularly 
digital marketing.
Our 2024 global U-Report poll across 171 countries 
highlights the extent of exposure to food marketing. 
We found that 75 per cent of young people aged 
13–24 years saw advertisements for sugary/energy 
drinks, snacks or fast food during the previous week. 
While marketing exposure is highest among those 
living in upper-middle-income countries (90 per cent), 
it is also unacceptably high in low-income countries 
(65 per cent) and even in countries affected by conflict 
(68 per cent). Children, adolescents and young people 
report that they experience temptation, pressure 
and powerlessness in the face of relentless food 
marketing.
Digital marketing is expanding rapidly and gives 
the ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
unprecedented access and power to target children 
and adolescents. It uses children’s online behaviours 
to deliver highly personalized and persuasive 
food advertisements; it is interactive, engaging 
and constantly available; it blurs the boundaries 
between content and food advertising; and it is 
poorly regulated and largely invisible to parents and 
policymakers. 
4  FEEDING PROFIT
Analysis 3. The unethical practices of the ultra-
processed food and beverage industry undermine 
government action and exploit children, even in 
times of crisis.
Across the globe, the ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry leverages its considerable power 
and influence to out-manoeuvre governments and 
resist meaningful policy change to improve children’s 
food environments and diets. Our research across 
24 countries found that 70 per cent of government 
officials and civil society representatives identified 
industry influence as a major barrier to introducing 
government-led food marketing controls. Studies 
have found that the industry uses a mix of political, 
scientific, reputational management and marketing 
practices to delay, weaken, block and evade 
government policies. 
The ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
has proven highly resilient, even in times of crisis. 
Past experience shows that it exploits humanitarian 
disasters and public health emergencies – such as 
the COVID-19 pandemic – to expand market reach, 
strengthen brand image and lobby for the delay or 
weakening of legal measures and policies to protect 
children and families from their products.
Analysis 4. Inadequate legal measures and 
policies enable the ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry to manipulate children’s food 
environments.
Mandatory national legal measures and policies help 
create food environments that protect children and 
adolescents from unhealthy foods and beverages 
and are conducive to their nutrition and health. Yet, 
no governments have enacted a comprehensive 
and coherent set of mandatory legal measures and 
policies – covering breastfeeding and complementary 
feeding, school food environments, food marketing 
restrictions, food labelling, food subsidies, food taxes 
and food reformulation – to protect children from 
unhealthy food environments. 
The gaps in legal measures and policies allow the 
ultra-processed food and beverage industry to 
continue shaping food environments to its advantage, 
to the detriment of children and adolescents. Delays 
in implementing these legal measures and policies 
will only allow the drivers of nutrient-poor, unhealthy 
diets to become more deeply entrenched and difficult 
to reverse.
However, important progress has been achieved in 
countries with political will at the highest level, robust 
civil society support, public engagement to build 
demand for legal measures and policies, and the 
refusal to give in to industry pressure. For example, 
Brazil, Chile and Mexico have some of the most 
comprehensive sets of legal measures and policies in 
the world, while notable advances have been made 
in countries such as Fiji, India, Lebanon, Sierra Leone, 
South Africa and Spain. 
OUR RECOMMENDATIONS
An agenda to transform children’s food 
environments
The widespread exposure to unhealthy food 
environments and the surge in childhood overweight 
and obesity call for immediate and transformative 
action to protect children’s right to food and 
nutrition.
The following eight recommendations – requiring 
actions across the food, health, water and sanitation, 
education and social protection systems – are 
universally applicable, including in humanitarian 
contexts:
1.	
Implement the International Code of 
Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes 
and subsequent World Health Assembly 
resolutions to protect and promote 
breastfeeding and appropriate 
complementary feeding. This includes the 
WHO guidance on regulatory measures aimed 
at restricting the digital marketing of breastmilk 
substitutes, and the guidance on ending the 
inappropriate promotion of foods for infants and 
young children.
2.	 Implement comprehensive, mandatory 
measures to transform food environments 
for children and adolescents. These 
encompass legal measures and policies that 
protect children’s diets by limiting the availability, 
marketing and purchase of unhealthy foods 
and beverages, including ultra-processed 
foods. They include school food environments, 
food marketing restrictions, food labelling, 
taxes on unhealthy foods and beverages, and 
food reformulation that limits both unhealthy 
ingredients and harmful substitutes.  
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  5
3.	
Implement comprehensive policies to 
improve the availability and affordability of 
locally produced nutritious foods for children 
and adolescents. These include redirecting 
agricultural, trade and consumer incentives 
and subsidies towards nutritious and healthy 
foods; strengthening systems and infrastructure 
to support the production, processing and 
distribution of nutritious and healthy foods, 
including large-scale mandatory fortification of 
appropriate food vehicles; and improving access 
to safe and palatable drinking water in schools 
and communities.
4.	
Establish robust safeguards to protect public 
policy processes from interference by the 
ultra- processed food industry. This includes 
conflict-of-interest safeguards, the exclusion 
of ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
actors from involvement in policy development 
and implementation, and the mandatory 
reporting of industry lobbying activities and 
membership in trade and business associations.
5.	
Implement social and behaviour change 
initiatives that empower families and 
communities to claim their right to healthy 
food environments, raise awareness of the 
harm caused by diets high in ultra-processed 
foods and beverages, and build public support 
for legal measures and policies to transform food 
environments for children.
6.	
Strengthen social protection programmes 
to address income poverty and increase 
children’s access to nutritious and healthy 
diets through social transfers (food, cash, 
vouchers) and other forms of social protection 
(e.g., parental benefits, affordable childcare and 
labour market programmes).
7.	
Engage young people in public policymaking 
on food justice by fostering youth-led 
advocacy. Support young advocates to share 
their lived experiences of unhealthy food 
environments and amplify their voices to demand 
healthier food and beverage options in schools, 
communities and beyond.
8.	
Strengthen global and national data and 
surveillance systems to monitor food 
environments, diets and overweight among 
children and adolescents using standardized 
indicators and data collection methods. 
In addition, track the implementation of legal 
measures and policies to protect children and 
adolescents from unhealthy food environments.
6  FEEDING PROFIT
Governments bear the primary responsibility for 
protecting children’s right to food and nutrition; 
however, achieving swift, impactful change towards 
healthier food environments demands unified action 
from multiple stakeholders. 
All parties must urgently commit to a bold, 
comprehensive response – holding themselves and one 
another accountable for transparent decision-making 
and measurable progress to create equitable, healthy 
food environments for all children and adolescents, 
everywhere.
Governments must:
•	
Enact, implement, monitor and enforce a 
comprehensive set of mandatory legal measures 
and policies to protect children and adolescents 
from unhealthy foods and beverages, including 
ultra-processed foods and beverages, and improve 
equitable access to nutritious and healthy foods.
•	
Enact, implement, monitor and enforce legal 
frameworks to prevent interference by the ultra-
processed food and beverage industry in public 
policy processes, including conflict-of-interest 
safeguards, mandatory transparency measures and 
restrictions on lobbying and influence. 
•	
Strengthen national monitoring and accountability 
systems through regular data collection on 
children’s diets and nutrition, the implementation of 
legal measures and policies, and industry practices 
impacting children’s food environments.
Civil society and the media must:
•	
Raise public awareness of the harm caused by 
unhealthy foods, beverages and diets, amplify the 
voices of children and families affected by unhealthy 
food environments, and build public demand for 
legal measures and policies to transform food 
environments.
•	
Advocate for comprehensive, mandatory and 
enforceable legal measures and policies that protect 
children, adolescents and families from unhealthy 
food environments and improve access to nutritious 
and healthy foods, and demand that public policy 
processes be free from commercial influence.
•	
Investigate and serve as a public watchdog to 
publicly expose the harmful commercial practices 
of the ultra-processed food and beverage industry, 
including policy interference, misleading marketing 
practices and other tactics that undermine children’s 
right to food and nutrition.
Development and humanitarian organizations 
must:
•	
Set global standards and guidance to improve 
food environments, including reducing industry 
interference in policymaking; and strengthening 
government capacity to implement legal measures 
and policies to transform food environments 
for children. 
•	
Advocate for agricultural and trade policies 
that reduce incentives for ultra-processed food 
production and improve access to nutritious 
and healthy foods; and invest in systems and 
infrastructure that promote equitable access to 
nutritious and healthy foods. 
•	
Track global and country progress on 
strengthening food environments, improving 
diets and reducing overweight and obesity among 
children and adolescents, using standardized 
indicators and data collection methods.
Donors and other financial partners must:
•	
Declare the prevention of childhood and 
adolescent overweight and obesity as a key priority 
within organizational agendas, policies, strategies 
and investments for improving children’s and 
adolescents’ nutrition, health, well-being and 
prosperity. 
•	
Secure global and national commitments to 
transform food environments through legal 
measures and policies that restrict access to 
unhealthy foods and beverages, including ultra-
processed foods and beverages, and enhance the 
availability and supply of nutritious and healthy 
foods.
•	
Commit to and deliver financial investments that 
strengthen institutional and regulatory capacities 
to improve food environments, particularly in 
under-resourced settings, including support for 
systems and infrastructure that improve equitable 
access to nutritious and healthy foods.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  7
Academic and research organizations must:
•	
Undertake independent studies and research 
– free from conflicts of interest – on the trends, 
inequities and drivers of nutrient-poor, unhealthy 
diets, overweight and obesity in children and 
adolescents, and the impacts on children, families, 
societies and nations. 
•	
Undertake independent studies, research and 
evaluations – free from conflicts of interest – on 
legal measures and policies to improve food 
environments and diets among children and 
adolescents. 
•	
Train multidisciplinary professionals – including 
agriculturists, nutritionists, public health experts, 
educators and economists – to lead and sustain 
national efforts to improve food environments for 
children and adolescents.
Food and beverage industry actors must:
•	
Ensure that company policies, practices and 
products fully comply with human rights treaties, 
normative guidance issued by United Nations 
agencies, and legal measures and policies to 
protect children and adolescents from unhealthy 
food environments. 
•	
Invest in the production, processing and 
promotion of nutritious, healthy, affordable and 
sustainable foods for children, adolescents and 
their families that are low in free sugars, refined 
starches, salt, unhealthy fats, additives and other 
harmful ingredients.
•	
Never seek to delay, prevent or weaken global or 
national legal measures and policies to protect 
children and adolescents from unhealthy food 
environments.
8  FEEDING PROFIT
1 | OUR RESEARCH
THE FORCES SHAPING 
CHILDREN’S DIETS
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  9
This chapter introduces the urgent and 
growing problem of overweight and obesity 
among children and adolescents worldwide. 
It describes how failing food systems are 
shaping food environments that encourage 
the overconsumption of unhealthy foods and 
beverages, including those that are ultra-
processed. We outline the research and analysis 
that UNICEF has undertaken to generate insights 
on the scale and drivers of this global challenge, 
and to guide more effective and impactful 
responses.
Millions of children and adolescents are growing up in 
food environments where the forces influencing their 
diets are more powerful, pervasive and harmful than 
ever before. 
Whether walking through a supermarket, passing 
a street vendor or scrolling through social media, 
the evidence is clear: the overwhelming supply and 
aggressive marketing of cheap ultra-processed foods 
and beverages, such as packaged snacks, fast food 
and sugary drinks, have become a worldwide reality 
for children and adolescents everywhere, even in the 
most remote communities.
These unhealthy products are engineered for 
profit rather than good nutrition and are fuelling 
a global nutrition and public health crisis: a rising 
tide of overweight and obesity and diet-related 
non-communicable diseases that is threatening the 
health of children and adolescents in every region of 
the world.
The rise in overweight and obesity
Historically, undernutrition and micronutrient 
deficiencies have been the most prevalent forms 
of malnutrition among children and adolescents 
worldwide, including stunting (low height-for-age), 
wasting (low weight-for-height), underweight (low 
body mass index for age), and deficiencies of essential 
micronutrients, such as iodine, iron and vitamin A.1 
Undernutrition and micronutrient deficiencies remain 
significant concerns in most low- and middle-income 
countries, although substantial progress has been 
made. Since 2000, the number of children under 5 
years of age with stunted growth and development 
has fallen by 57 million, the number of children aged 
5–19 years suffering from underweight has declined 
by 43 million, and the global burdens of iodine 
deficiency and vitamin A deficiency have decreased.2–4
However, this progress is accompanied by a rapid 
rise in childhood overweight and obesity, even 
in countries still grappling with undernutrition 
and micronutrient deficiencies.1 Once considered 
a problem limited to high-income countries, 
overweight and obesity is now increasing among 
school-aged children and adolescents in almost 
all low- and middle-income countries. In fact, 
overweight and obesity is the only form of 
malnutrition that is rising among children and 
adolescents at a global level. 
These changing patterns of malnutrition reflect 
profound and rapid shifts in the diets of children and 
adolescents across the world. 
How unhealthy diets and overweight harm 
children, families and societies 
A nutritious and healthy diet (see Box 1) supports the 
growth and development of children and adolescents 
and protects them from all forms of malnutrition and 
diet-related non-communicable diseases. It includes 
a variety of nutritious and healthy foods – such as 
vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts and seeds, whole 
grains, dairy products, eggs, poultry and fish – and is 
low in, or free from, unhealthy foods and beverages.
Historically, diets were shaped by local geography, 
climate and cultural traditions.5 Diets in hunter-
gather societies were typically diverse and rich in 
protein, micronutrients and fibre.6, 7 With the advent 
of agriculture, populations relied on subsistence 
farming and children ate what their families could 
produce or trade locally. Diets were often centred 
around one or two main staple ingredients and 
were low in diversity. Food security was frequently 
precarious, and a single failed harvest could escalate 
into widespread child malnutrition.
The twentieth century saw considerable advances in 
agricultural productivity, public health, urbanization, 
global trade and economic growth. Food and 
nutrition security improved, household incomes 
rose, and families were able to diversify diets beyond 
subsistence staples. Although progress was uneven, 
undernutrition began to fall in many parts of the 
world,8, 9 bringing greater well-being and prosperity 
to millions of children and their families.
10  FEEDING PROFIT
BOX 1
SELECTED TERMS AND DEFINITIONS USED IN THIS REPORT
Nutritious and healthy foods are defined as 
those that are good sources of vitamins, minerals, 
protein, unrefined carbohydrates, healthy fats, 
fibre and other health-promoting substances; do 
not contain excessive amounts of added sugar, 
salt, fat and refined starches; do not contain 
industrially produced trans-fats, harmful additives 
and other harmful ingredients; and are not ultra-
processed. Examples include vegetables, fruits, 
legumes, nuts and seeds, plant-based oils, whole 
grains, dairy products, eggs, poultry and fish. While 
no single type of food can meet children’s and 
adolescents’ dietary needs (other than breastmilk 
in the first six months of life), in appropriate variety, 
combinations and quantities, these foods are the 
basis for nutritious and healthy diets.
Unhealthy foods and beverages are defined as 
those that contain excessive amounts of added 
sugar, salt, fat and refined starches; contain 
industrially produced trans-fats, harmful additives 
and other harmful ingredients; and/or are ultra-
processed. Examples include commercially baked 
foods with industrially produced trans-fat, deep-
fried fast foods, sugary and salty snacks, sugar-
sweetened beverages and other ultra-processed 
foods and beverages. While no single food or 
beverage is inherently ‘unhealthy’, excessive and/
or prolonged consumption of these products 
can contribute to nutrient-poor, unhealthy diets, 
especially when they displace nutritious and 
healthy foods from the diet. 
Ultra-processed foods and beverages are 
industrially formulated foods and beverages, 
composed primarily of chemically modified 
substances extracted from foods, together with 
additives and preservatives to enhance taste, 
texture, appearance and shelf-life. They contain 
few or no whole foods and are typically high in 
refined starches, sugar, salt and fat, including 
trans-fat. Examples include commercially produced 
complementary foods, sweet and salty snacks, 
confectionery, breakfast cereals, processed meat 
products, ready-made meals and sugar-sweetened 
beverages.
A nutritious and healthy diet is defined as 
containing a variety of nutritious and healthy 
foods and is low in, or free from, unhealthy 
foods and beverages. It provides adequate 
amounts of vitamins, minerals, protein, unrefined 
carbohydrates, healthy fats, fibre and other health-
promoting substances; balances energy intake 
with energy requirements; supports the growth 
and development of children and adolescents; and 
provides protection from all forms of malnutrition 
and diet-related non-communicable diseases.
A nutrient-poor, unhealthy diet is defined as 
containing excessive quantities of unhealthy foods 
and beverages and is low in or lacking nutritious 
and healthy foods. Such diets often contain 
inadequate amounts of essential vitamins and 
minerals, protein, fibre and other health-promoting 
substances, and provide excessive energy. They 
increase the risk of all forms of malnutrition – 
stunting, wasting, underweight, micronutrient 
deficiencies and overweight and obesity – as well as 
diet-related non-communicable diseases.
Food and beverage industry refers to commercial 
entities involved in the production, processing 
and distribution of foods and beverages. This 
definition includes businesses servicing the 
industry (e.g., packaging, retailing and marketing) 
when most of their portfolio, core business and 
related public profiling revolve around food and 
beverage. Besides companies, entities representing 
food and beverage interests, such as industry 
trade associations and sectoral platforms (e.g., 
aggregators connecting players within the industry 
around a common agenda), are collectively referred 
to as the food and beverage industry.
Ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
refers to companies and entities whose core 
business revolves around the manufacturing, 
distribution, marketing and/or retailing of ultra-
processed foods and beverages, as well as entities 
representing the interests of these companies, 
including trade groups, multi-stakeholder 
platforms, front groups and others. The portfolios 
of conglomerates with a largely diversified range 
of food and beverages and/or non-food/beverage 
products may also include ultra-processed foods 
and beverages.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  11
Ironically, some of the same forces that helped 
reduce child undernutrition are now driving a steady 
shift to unhealthy diets. Economic growth, the 
industrialization of food systems and globalization of 
food corporations has paved the way for diets that 
are too high in free sugars, refined starches, salt 
and unhealthy fats.10, 11 As a result, traditional diets 
– rooted in whole and minimally processed staples 
and freshly prepared meals – are increasingly being 
replaced by nutrient-poor unhealthy diets dominated 
by ultra-processed foods and beverages (see Box 2). 
These industrially formulated products are composed 
primarily of chemically modified substances extracted 
from foods, together with additives and preservatives 
to enhance taste, texture, appearance and shelf-life. 
They are engineered and marketed to encourage 
overconsumption and drive profit, while offering little 
in terms of vitamins, minerals or fibre.
Children are especially vulnerable to recent shifts in 
food systems because they are dependent on others 
for food provision. They are born with only a few 
innate food preferences, most notably, a natural liking 
for sweetness and aversion to bitterness.12 The foods 
they come to enjoy or reject are largely determined by 
early exposure and repetition. Children fed sugar-rich 
diets early in life often struggle to reduce sugar intake 
later on, while those who grow up eating vegetables 
from a young age are more likely to maintain 
vegetable-rich diets as they become older.13–16 By 
the time children reach adolescence, their food 
preferences are largely set, and their dietary practices 
are increasingly hard to change with age.
12  FEEDING PROFIT
BOX 2
ULTRA-PROCESSED FOODS AND CHILDREN’S NUTRITION, HEALTH 
AND WELL-BEING
Ultra-processed foods and beverages are 
industrially formulated and composed primarily 
of chemically modified substances extracted from 
foods, together with a myriad of additives and 
preservatives to enhance taste, texture, appearance 
and durability.17 Examples of ultra-processed 
foods and beverages include commercially 
produced complementary foods, sweet and salty 
snacks, refined baked goods, confectionery, 
breakfast cereals, instant noodles, processed meat 
products, ready-made meals and sugar-sweetened 
beverages.
Ultra-processed foods and beverages tend to 
be poor in nutritional content. They are typically 
energy-dense, high in free sugars, refined 
starches, salt and unhealthy fats, and low in 
vitamins, minerals, protein and dietary fibre.18 
When consumed in excess, they displace whole 
foods and minimally processed foods – such 
as fruits, vegetables, legumes, lean meats and 
grains – that are an essential part of nutritious and 
healthy diets.17 
But it is not just their poor nutritional content that 
causes concern: the industrial processes used 
in manufacturing may also be harmful. Ultra-
processed foods and beverages are industrially 
engineered to be hyper-palatable, highly appealing, 
convenient and inexpensive, which encourages 
excessive consumption.17 They have chemical 
and physical structures and contain industrial 
ingredients, such as emulsifiers, that may override 
satiety signals, disturb the gut microbiome and/
or contribute to chronic inflammation.19–21 Other 
additives, including preservatives, artificial colours 
and flavours and sweeteners, may also have 
harmful impacts on children and adolescents.22 
Furthermore, the persuasive and aggressive 
marketing strategies used by ultra-processed food 
manufacturers – visually appealing packaging, 
misleading health and nutrition claims, emotionally 
appealing advertising campaigns and promotional 
offers – are designed to build brand loyalty, 
encourage repeat purchases and increase intake.17,23
A higher ultra-processed food and beverage 
consumption is associated with a higher prevalence 
of overweight and obesity among children and 
adolescents, and there is emerging evidence 
that links consumption with cardiometabolic risk 
factors, such as abdominal obesity, elevated blood 
pressure, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein 
cholesterol and fasting blood glucose.24–35 In 
addition, high consumption of ultra-processed food 
and beverages is associated with greater dental 
caries in children and adolescents.36–37
Because ultra-processed foods and beverages 
are low in essential nutrients and displace more 
nutritious foods from diets, high consumption is 
also associated with micronutrient inadequacy 
and impaired growth, increasing the risk of 
micronutrient deficiencies and stunting in 
children.38–45 These risks are most pronounced 
in early childhood, when nutritional needs 
are relatively high and children are extremely 
vulnerable to the impacts of dietary deficiencies 
on their growth, brain development and 
immune function.45 
Lifelong taste preferences are established at 
a young age, which means that exposure to 
ultra-processed foods and beverages in early 
childhood can promote a preference for sweet, 
salty and artificially flavoured foods.15 Such early 
conditioning, combined with the persistent and 
aggressive marketing of unhealthy foods and 
beverages, can shape dietary practices that track 
into adulthood, increasing the risk of all forms of 
malnutrition and cardiometabolic disorders across 
the lifespan.
Studies have also reported links between diets 
high in ultra-processed foods and beverages and 
poor mental health in children and adolescents, 
including anxiety, depression, aggressive behaviour 
and suicidal behaviour.47–52 However, further 
research is needed to understand the causal 
pathways.
 
This body of evidence underscores that early and 
sustained exposure to ultra-processed foods 
and beverages not only undermines children’s 
immediate nutritional status and health but also 
sets the stage for long-term health challenges.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  13
Unhealthy diets increase the risk 
of overweight, obesity and other 
cardiometabolic risk factors during 
childhood and adolescence, including 
high blood pressure, raised blood 
glucose and abnormal blood lipids.33, 53 
These health risks persist into later life, 
increasing the likelihood of obesity and 
diet-related non-communicable diseases 
in adulthood, such as type 2 diabetes, 
cardiovascular disease and some 
cancers.54, 55 Children and adolescents 
living with overweight and obesity are 
also more susceptible to life-threatening 
infectious diseases, as witnessed during 
the COVID-19 pandemic.56, 57 In addition, 
they may experience psychological and 
psychosocial impacts, including weight 
stigma, low self-esteem, social isolation 
and mental health challenges, such as 
anxiety and depression.58 These impacts 
can affect school attendance and have 
long-lasting consequences on quality of 
life.59 Adolescents living with overweight, 
and particularly those living with obesity, 
are unlikely to improve their weight status 
with age into adulthood, underpinning 
why prevention is so crucial.60–62
Beyond these individual impacts, 
overweight and obesity during childhood 
and adolescence have considerable 
consequences for families and societies. 
Parents and caregivers face the financial 
burden of higher medical costs and 
lost income to care for their children, 
while bearing the emotional toll on their 
children’s mental health.63 Childhood 
overweight and obesity strain health care 
systems, reduce workforce productivity 
and stymie economic growth.63, 64 In 
the absence of effective action, the 
global economic impact of overweight 
and obesity in adults will surpass a 
staggering US$4 trillion annually (3 per 
cent of global GDP) by 2035 – the year 
when today’s adolescents will all reach 
adulthood.65 There is a scarcity of data on 
the economic impacts of overweight and 
obesity among children and adolescents, 
and most available evidence relates 
to high-income countries; however, 
UNICEF analyses in three middle-income 
countries – China, Mexico and Peru – 
reveal immense lifetime costs (see Box 3). 
BOX 3
THE ECONOMIC COST OF OVERWEIGHT AND 
OBESITY IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS
The economic impacts of overweight and obesity in childhood 
and adolescence result from the health care costs of treatment, 
combined with increased unemployment, absenteeism from 
work, reduced productivity, lower income, disability and 
premature death in adulthood.63, 66
There are no global estimates of the economic cost of overweight 
and obesity among children and adolescents, but estimates are 
available for several high-income countries. For example, in the 
United States, where 42 per cent of children and adolescents 
aged 5–19 years are living with overweight, the projected cost of 
adolescent overweight is US$13.6 billion in annual direct medical 
costs and US$49 billion in productivity losses by 2050.67
There is a scarcity of evidence on economic costs in low- and 
middle-income countries.63 To address the evidence gap, 
UNICEF conducted investment case analyses to quantify the 
economic damage of overweight and obesity among children 
and adolescents aged 0–19 years in three middle-income 
countries – China, Mexico and Peru.68–70 Without actions to address 
childhood overweight and obesity, we estimate these countries 
will experience a lifetime economic impact of US$31.6 trillion 
in China, US$1.8 trillion in Mexico and US$210.6 billion in Peru. 
These crippling costs are equivalent to 3 per cent of China’s annual 
GDP and 1.1 per cent of Mexico’s GDP, and will be a significant 
burden on the long-term economies of all three countries.
However, these costs can be averted. We examined the potential 
returns on investment from a set of four to five interventions, 
tailored to each country, to address childhood and adolescent 
overweight. These interventions include breastfeeding 
promotion, policies and regulations to improve the food 
environment (e.g., taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages, 
subsidies on fruits and vegetables, and marketing restrictions), 
school-based interventions and nutrition counselling. National 
implementation of these interventions has a lifetime return on 
investment of 89:1 in China, 515:1 in Mexico and 164:1 in Peru. 
In all three countries, interventions that are designed to improve 
food environments, such as fiscal and regulatory policies, offered 
the strongest economic gains. 
UNICEF estimated the cost to implement a core package of five 
interventions to halt childhood obesity globally (food subsidies 
and taxes, food marketing restrictions, food labelling, food 
school policies and food reformulation). The total estimated 
cost is international dollars (I$)24.6 billion over a 10-year period, 
based on 2024 values, which equates to I$0.34 per capita per 
year. These interventions are highly affordable compared to the 
projected US$4 trillion annual global economic burden of obesity 
by 2035.65
14  FEEDING PROFIT
The nutritional impacts of unhealthy diets are not 
limited to excessive weight gain. Ultra-processed 
foods and beverages tend to be low in essential 
nutrients and displace nutritious and healthy foods 
from the diets of children and adolescents. The 
consumption of ultra-processed foods and beverages 
is associated with stunting in children under 5 
years of age and inadequate micronutrient intake 
in childhood and adolescence,38–45 conditions that 
are linked with micronutrient deficiencies, lower 
immune function, poor cognitive development, 
lower educational attainment and reduced work 
productivity in later life.71 
Diets high in ultra-processed foods and beverages 
are also harmful for the planet. These foods contain 
ingredients – such as refined grains and industrial 
vegetable oils – that are linked to more intensive 
agricultural practices, soil depletion, biodiversity loss 
and greenhouse gas emissions, than other foods.72–74 
Moreover, energy-intensive processing, packaging 
and global transportation of these products 
contribute significantly to greenhouse gas emissions 
and plastic pollution.75 
Food environments and why they matter
As concern over children’s diets and the rising 
burden of overweight and obesity grows, so too 
does the urgency to act. However, meaningful action 
is constrained by public discourse on the drivers of 
nutrient-poor, unhealthy diets among children and 
adolescents, which is riddled with misconceptions 
that perpetuate stigma and mislead effective 
policy action.76 
One persistent myth is that nutrient-poor, unhealthy 
diets are primarily due to dietary decisions – a view 
that places blame unfairly on children, adolescents 
and their parents and families, and frames these 
diets as a moral failure of the individual rather than 
a failure of society to protect the environments that 
children grow up in.77 It is unreasonable to assert that 
a sudden decline in children’s willpower or parental 
responsibility explains the rapid recent changes in 
diets or the global surge in childhood overweight. 
Another false narrative is that physical activity can 
offset the harmful effects of nutrient-poor, unhealthy 
diets.78–80 In reality, it is impossible to ‘outrun’ the 
health consequences of a diet high in free sugars, 
refined starches, salt, trans-fats, harmful additives and 
excessive energy through physical activity alone.81 
These misleading narratives misdirect attention and 
resources towards individual lifestyle factors – such 
as individual nutrition choices or physical activity 
– while obscuring the far more powerful force: 
food environments. The worldwide deterioration 
in children’s and adolescents’ diets, along with the 
rise in overweight and obesity, is driven primarily by 
profound changes in the food environments in which 
children, adolescents and families eat, live, learn 
and play. 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  15
External 
environment
Physical, economic, 
political and 
sociocultural 
context
Personal 
environment
Economic, biological, 
psychological, and 
social conditions of 
individuals and 
households 
Prices
Availability
Marketing &
regulation
Desirability
Convenience
Affordability
Accessibility
Vendor &
product 
properties
Food environments are the spaces in which people 
make decisions about the foods they procure, 
prepare and consume. They comprise a range of 
influences across ‘external’ and ‘personal’ domains 
that interact in ways that may either help or hinder 
a child’s ability to access and consume a nutritious 
and healthy diet (Figure 1).82, 83 The ‘external’ food 
environment encompasses the locations where food 
is acquired or purchased by children, adolescents 
and their families, such as retail and commercial 
markets, informal vendors, restaurants, schools and 
care settings, and online food delivery apps. It has 
an important bearing on children’s diets because it 
determines food availability, price, vendor and product 
properties (e.g., vendor hours and the quality of food 
and beverages offered or for sale), food marketing 
and regulation in a particular setting. The ‘personal’ 
food environment represents the individual and 
household-level factors that influence the accessibility, 
affordability, convenience and desirability of different 
food and beverage options.
The food and beverage industry (see Box 1) can be 
a powerful partner in shaping food environments 
in ways that create equitable access to nutritious, 
safe, affordable and sustainable foods for children, 
adolescents and families. The industry has substantial 
expertise in technology, research, innovation, supply 
chain management and marketing that can enhance 
the availability, accessibility and desirability of foods. 
For example, the food industry is a vital partner in 
the fortification of salt with iodine and staple grains 
with vitamins and minerals to prevent micronutrient 
deficiencies, using its expertise to improve taste 
and increase consumer access to fortified foods. 
Profit is essential for the industry because it drives 
innovation, investment and sustainability. However, 
such profit must help uphold the food and nutrition 
rights of children, rather than come at their expense. 
In contrast, the ultra-processed food and beverage 
industry – a subset of the food and beverage 
industry – has reshaped food environments in ways 
that undermine child nutrition. It generates profit by 
producing and marketing hyper-palatable, unhealthy 
ultra-processed foods and beverages, while lobbying 
governments to block regulations that might reduce 
sales.10, 84 Ultra-processed foods and beverages 
tend to be much more profitable than whole and 
minimally processed foods, such as vegetables, fruits, 
legumes, whole grains and eggs. This is because they 
are cheap to produce – due to heavily subsidized 
ingredients and additives that extend shelf-life – 
and are designed to be highly marketable.10, 84 The 
industry has mastered the science of making these 
foods highly appealing, blending salt, sugar, refined 
starches, fat and additives into combinations that 
are designed to encourage excessive consumption, 
coupled with marketing that speaks directly to 
children, adolescents and their caregivers.
FIGURE 1: External and personal domains of food environments for children and adolescents
Note: Adapted from Turner, Christopher et al., ‘Concepts and critical perspectives for food environment research: A global framework with implications for action in low- and 
middle-income countries’, Global Food Security, vol.18, September 2018, pp. 93–101.
16  FEEDING PROFIT
Industrialization and globalization of the ultra-
processed food and beverage industry and its 
leading firms have aided the mass production and 
efficient distribution of ultra-processed foods and 
beverages to every country in the world.10, 85–87 Local 
distribution networks and long shelf lives allow these 
products to reach virtually every community, even in 
the most remote locations. The increasing availability 
of ultra-processed foods and beverages, combined 
with aggressive marketing, makes it extremely 
difficult for whole and minimally processed foods 
to compete.
Governments can positively influence food 
environments through legal measures and policies 
that reduce the availability, affordability and 
marketing of unhealthy foods and beverages (see 
Box 4). But despite the legal and moral duty to 
protect children’s right to food, nutrition, health and 
information (see Box 5), many governments have 
been unable to take meaningful and comprehensive 
actions – often due interference and lobbying by 
the ultra-processed food and beverage industry – 
allowing the industry to wield significant control. 
In many contexts, the external food environment 
interacts with the economic, biological, psychological 
and social vulnerabilities of children and their 
families in ways that promote the overconsumption 
of unhealthy foods and beverages, including those 
that are ultra-processed.88 For example, low-income 
families in poor urban neighbourhoods often rely on 
inexpensive, ultra-processed foods to curb hunger 
because affordable healthy food options are difficult 
to find locally.89 Parents facing work-related stress 
or time pressures may default to the convenience of 
fast foods for family meals in settings that are flooded 
with fast food outlets.90, 91 Children have a stronger 
biological preference for sweet foods than adults 
and struggle to adopt healthy dietary practices in 
environments swamped with heavily marketed sugary 
snacks and drinks.92 They also lack the cognitive 
capacity to distinguish between information and 
marketing, which increases their vulnerability to the 
unethical marketing of unhealthy products.93 Social 
and cultural norms and practices that favour nutrient-
poor, unhealthy diets can deepen vulnerabilities, 
especially when marketers exploit them by associating 
products with social status, cultural traditions and 
positive emotions.94
BOX 4
PRIORITY REGULATORY ACTIONS TO CREATE HEALTHY FOOD ENVIRONMENTS 
FOR CHILDREN 
The UNICEF Nutrition Strategy 
2030 and accompanying 
guidance, together with World 
Health Organization Acceleration 
Plan to Stop Obesity, 
recommend the following 
mutually supportive regulatory 
actions to create healthy food 
environments for children.95–98
Breastfeeding
Action: Implement the 
International Code of Marketing 
of Breast-milk Substitutes 
and subsequent World Health 
Assembly resolutions, which 
regulate the promotion of 
breastmilk substitutes up to the 
age of 36 months, including in 
digital environments.99–102
Rationale: Breastfeeding can 
reduce the risk of overweight 
and obesity among children,103 
while the marketing of breastmilk 
substitutes undermines 
breastfeeding practices.100, 104 
First foods
Action: Implement the WHO 
2016 Guidance on Ending the 
Inappropriate Promotion of Foods 
for Infants and Young Children 
(contained in World Health 
Assembly resolution 69.9), which 
regulates the marketing of foods 
and beverages to children under 
the age of 36 months.100, 105
Rationale: The inappropriate 
marketing of foods and beverages 
to children under the age of 
36 months can undermine 
complementary feeding practices 
that support healthy growth and 
development.100 
Food in schools
Action: In schools and pre-schools, 
implement mandatory standards 
for meals, foods and beverages, 
and provide access to free, safe 
and palatable water. In and around 
schools, ban the provision, sale 
and promotion of unhealthy foods 
and beverages and ban marketing 
by the ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry, including 
sponsorship.106 
Rationale: Children’s exposure to 
unhealthy foods and beverages 
should be controlled in pre-schools 
and schools to improve dietary 
intake and help children establish 
lifelong nutritious, healthy and safe 
dietary practices.106
Food marketing
Action: Implement the World 
Health Organization’s guideline 
on ‘Policies to Protect Children 
from the Harmful Impact of Food 
Marketing’ through mandatory 
policies that cover all forms of 
marketing, all forms of media 
and all settings to which children 
under 18 years of age may be 
exposed.107, 108
Rationale: The marketing of 
unhealthy foods and beverages 
directly influences children’s food 
and drink preferences, purchase 
requests and diets.109 
Food labelling
Action: Implement mandatory 
labelling standards, including 
front-of-pack nutrition labelling, 
to help children, adolescents 
and families identify foods and 
beverages that are high in free 
sugars, salt, unhealthy fats 
and other harmful ingredients, 
and make healthier purchasing 
decisions.110, 111
Rationale: Food labelling can 
provide children, adolescents and 
families with convenient, relevant 
and readily understood nutrition 
information to make informed 
food purchases and can encourage 
manufacturers to reformulate and 
produce healthier products.110, 112
Food subsidies
Action: Implement targeted 
agricultural, trade and consumer 
subsidies to incentivize the 
production, distribution and 
consumption of affordable, 
nutritious and healthy foods. These 
measures should prioritize supply 
chains that improve access for 
vulnerable populations.113, 114
Rationale: Targeted food subsidies 
can contribute to healthier diets 
by enhancing the availability, 
accessibility and affordability of 
nutritious and healthy foods for 
children, adolescents and their 
families.113–115
Food taxes
Action: Implement taxes to 
discourage the purchase and 
consumption of unhealthy foods 
and beverages such as sugar-
sweetened beverages.113, 116
Rationale: Taxes can reduce the 
purchase and consumption of 
unhealthy foods and beverages.113, 
115 For example, taxes on sugar-
sweetened beverages can reduce 
the purchase of sugary drinks 
and reduce population sugar 
intake.117–119
Food reformulation
Action: Implement mandatory 
regulations on the nutritional 
composition of processed foods 
and beverages to eliminate 
industrially produced trans-fat and 
reduce other potentially harmful 
ingredients such as salt.120 
Rationale: Food product 
reformulation can provide a 
healthier food supply and improve 
the nutritional quality of foods, 
when combined with other 
regulatory measures.120
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  17
18  FEEDING PROFIT
BOX 5
PROTECTING CHILDREN’S RIGHT TO FOOD AND NUTRITION
The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the 
Child establishes the legal and moral obligations of 
governments to safeguard children’s rights, including their 
right to food, nutrition, health, information and protection 
from harmful influences and exploitation.121 Several 
articles within the Convention on the Rights of the Child 
assert children’s right to a healthy food environment.122, 123
Protecting children’s food, nutrition and health: All 
children have the right to survive and develop (article 6), 
to adequate food, nutrition and health (article 24), and 
to a standard of living, including nutrition (article 27). To 
meet these rights, governments have an obligation to 
ensure children’s access to affordable, nutritious food and 
to regulate the sales and marketing of unhealthy foods 
and beverages in the physical and digital spaces where 
children live, play, learn and gather.
Protecting children from harmful influences and 
exploitation: Children’s right to protection from harmful 
information (article 17) and exploitation (article 36) must 
not be violated by the aggressive marketing of foods 
and beverages that do not contribute to a nutritious and 
healthy diet. This calls for governments to protect children 
up to the age of 18 years (article 1) from the marketing of 
these foods and beverages through all media, including 
protecting their privacy and preventing behavioural 
manipulation and the inappropriate use of personal data 
via digital marketing (article 16).
Protecting children’s access to education and 
information: Children and their parents or guardians 
must have access to accurate, clear and age-appropriate 
information to make informed decisions about the foods 
and beverages they purchase and consume. Mandating 
the accurate labelling of products and banning misleading 
health and nutrition claims helps children and families to 
identify unhealthy products (articles 17, 18, 28 and 29). In 
addition, building awareness of the marketing tactics used 
by the ultra-processed food and beverage industry helps 
children and families identify manipulative marketing and 
hold industry actors accountable for practices that may 
harm children’s health.
Best interests of the child: The Convention on the Rights 
of the Child asserts that the best interests of the child 
must be a primary consideration in all issues concerning 
children (article 3). This has the potential to conflict with 
the profit-driven motives of the private sector and calls 
for governments to ensure that the food and beverage 
industry does not interfere with government policies and 
regulations to protect children and their families from 
unhealthy foods and beverages.
These obligations are reinforced by the broader human 
rights framework, including the right to adequate food, as 
recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
(article 25) and the International Covenant on Economic, 
Social and Cultural Rights (article 11). This right requires 
States to ensure access to food that is safe, nutritious, 
culturally acceptable and free from harmful substances. 
Governments must not incentivize the consumption of 
unhealthy foods and beverages, and failure to regulate 
industry practices that undermine health may constitute a 
violation of the right to health.124 
In addition, international human rights law affirms the 
obligation of States to protect policymaking processes 
from private interests that conflict with public health. This 
obligation is particularly relevant to multinational food 
and beverage corporations and their influence over food 
systems governance and requires States to “establish rules 
of engagement and adopt measures relevant to good food 
systems governance”.125 States must also take effective 
measures to prevent undue corporate influence over 
food systems and ensure that food-related laws, policies, 
and governance structures are designed to serve public 
health and uphold human rights – particularly the rights 
of children.
The concentration of corporate power in global food 
systems undermines access to adequate food, drives the 
proliferation of ultra-processed products, distorts food 
environments and constrains democratic participation 
in food policy. In line with their obligations under 
international human rights law, States must take effective 
measures to prevent undue corporate influence over 
food systems and ensure that food-related laws, policies, 
and governance structures are designed to serve public 
health and uphold human rights, particularly the rights 
of children.126
What does this report aim to contribute?
The impact of changing food environments on 
children and adolescents is causing growing alarm 
among the global nutrition and health community. 
And yet the scale of the global, regional and national 
response is inadequate, uneven and fragmented. 
We must bring greater visibility to the scale of the 
problem across the globe, define what it means for 
children, adolescents, families and societies, and 
mobilize commitment to act. 
In this report, UNICEF sets out to answer the following 
questions: 
1.	How is the global pandemic of overweight and obesity 
evolving among children and adolescents, and at what 
point will obesity overtake underweight as the more 
dominant form of malnutrition across the world?
2.	To what extent have unhealthy foods and beverages, 
including those that are ultra-processed, become 
embedded in the diets of children and adolescents in 
the world today?
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  19
3.	How are food environments increasing the 
exposure of children and adolescents to unhealthy 
foods and beverages, including those that are ultra-
processed, in settings across the world?
4.	What must be done to transform food 
environments and build accountability to protect 
the food and nutrition rights of children and 
adolescents?
To answer our four questions, we used the following 
sources of data, information and evidence:
 
1.	Quantitative data on nutritional status: 
Estimates of nutritional status for more than 160 
countries and territories, representing more than 
90 per cent of children and adolescents globally, 
were obtained from the UNICEF, World Health 
Organization (WHO) and World Bank Joint Child 
Malnutrition Estimates database for children aged 
less than 5 years, and from the Non-Communicable 
Disease Risk Factor Collaboration (NCD-RisC) for 
children and adolescents aged 5–19 years.2, 127 Data 
were analysed to examine the current status, trends 
and inequities in overweight and obesity, and to 
project when obesity will overtake underweight as 
the more prevalent form of malnutrition.
2.	Quantitative data on diets: The analysis on the 
diets of children under 2 years used data from the 
UNICEF Global Infant and Young Child Feeding 
databases, which cover more than 130 countries 
and territories, representing more than 90 per cent 
of children under 2 years globally. For adolescent 
girls and boys aged 15–19 years, data from the 
Global Diet Quality Project were compiled and 
analysed. This project collects data through the 
Gallup World Poll using face-to-face or telephone 
surveys, covering 88 per cent of the world’s 
population of adolescents aged 15–19 years.128 
3.	Quantitative data on exposure to marketing 
of unhealthy foods and beverages: UNICEF 
conducted a global U-Report poll in 2024 among 
more than 64,000 adolescents and young 
people aged 13–24 years in 171 countries to seek 
insights on their exposure to advertisements 
for sugary drinks, snacks and fast food.129 
The poll was administered via SMS and social 
media platforms, and explored the frequency 
of exposure to advertisements, the types of 
advertisements, celebrity endorsement, and how 
such advertisements and endorsements affect the 
desire for these foods and beverages. 
4.	Country-level studies on food environments: 
During the last five years, UNICEF has conducted 
a suite of studies to build the evidence base on 
the drivers of nutrient-poor, unhealthy diets, 
including the role of children’s and adolescents’ 
food environments. These include studies of food 
and beverage properties and labels; the retail 
food environment and school food environments; 
the marketing of unhealthy foods and beverages 
to children and adolescents; and interviews with 
children, adolescents and their parents to learn 
about their experiences with food environments at 
school and in the community. 
5.	 Evidence reviews: UNICEF collaborated with 
global experts to conduct state-of-the-art evidence 
reviews on commercially produced complementary 
foods and ultra-processed foods and beverages.24 
The reviews synthesized evidence on the trends 
in consumption among children and adolescents, 
the impact on their nutrition and well-being, how 
the ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
influences purchasing behaviours, and the 
effectiveness of legal measures and policies that are 
designed to improve food environments. 
The analysis in this report focuses predominantly 
on the role of unhealthy food environments in 
contributing to the rise in childhood overweight and 
obesity. However, it is crucial to understand that 
unhealthy food environments also contribute to other 
forms of child malnutrition, such as stunting and 
micronutrient deficiencies, by denying children’s access 
to foods rich in vitamins, minerals, protein, fibre and 
other health-promoting substances. In addition, while 
there is clear evidence that poor diets and unhealthy 
environments are the leading driver of the surge in 
overweight and obesity globally, they act alongside and 
interact with other biological, psychological, social and 
economic vulnerabilities, as well as broader structural 
determinants.88, 130
The following chapters present the findings of our 
synthesis of data, information and evidence from these 
five sources. In Chapter 2, we share key findings on the 
status, trends and inequities in overweight and obesity, 
and the diets of children and adolescents. In Chapter 
3, we analyse the role of the food environment in 
influencing the foods and beverages that children and 
their families find available, affordable, accessible and 
desirable, and in Chapter 4, we conclude with a set of 
recommended actions to transform food environments 
for children and adolescents in ways that protect their 
right to food and nutrition.
20  FEEDING PROFIT
2 | OUR FINDINGS
THE SCALE OF 
OVERWEIGHT, OBESITY 
AND UNHEALTHY DIETS 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  21
This chapter examines the status, trends and 
inequities in overweight and obesity among 
children and adolescents using data from 
global databases. It also explores data and 
evidence on the consumption of unhealthy 
foods and beverages, including those that are 
ultra-processed, during early childhood and 
adolescence.
Our findings expose the current scale of overweight 
and obesity among children and adolescents in all 
regions of the world today, the rapidly increasing 
prevalence of overweight in low- and middle-income 
countries, and how obesity is overtaking underweight 
as the more dominant form of malnutrition among 
those aged 5–19 years. They also reveal how unhealthy 
foods and beverages, including those that are ultra-
processed, have become entrenched in children’s 
diets in early life and persist into late adolescence.
BOX 6
ASSESSING THE NUTRITIONAL STATUS OF CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS
In this report, we present data on the prevalence 
and burden of overweight and obesity in children 
and adolescents and compare trends in obesity 
with trends in severe wasting or underweight, 
depending on the age of the child. 
Children aged less than 5 years:
•	 Overweight is defined as a weight-for-height 
greater than 2 standard deviations above the 
WHO Child Growth Standards median
•	 Obesity (or severe overweight) is defined as 
a weight-for-height greater than 3 standard 
deviations above the WHO Child Growth 
Standards median
•	 Severe wasting is defined as a weight-for-height 
less than 3 standard deviations below the WHO 
Child Growth Standards median
Children and adolescents aged 5–19 years: 
•	 Overweight is defined as a body mass index-
for-age (BMI-for-age) greater than 1 standard 
deviation above the WHO Growth Reference 
median
•	 Obesity is defined as a BMI-for-age greater than 
2 standard deviations above the WHO Growth 
Reference median
•	 Thinness is defined as a BMI-for-age less than 
2 standard deviations below the WHO Growth 
Reference median. In this report, thinness is 
referred to as underweight
The term ‘overweight’ includes children and 
adolescents who are living with obesity, a 
more severe form of overweight. Children and 
adolescents living with obesity are therefore a 
subset of all those living with overweight. 
In this report, we compare the prevalence of 
obesity with the prevalence of severe wasting 
in children aged less than 5 years because the 
thresholds for these forms of malnutrition are 
3 standard deviations above (obesity) or below 
(severe wasting) the WHO Child Growth Standards 
median. In addition, we compare the prevalence 
of obesity with the prevalence of underweight in 
school-aged children and adolescents aged 5–19 
years because the thresholds for these forms 
of malnutrition are 2 standard deviations above 
(obesity) or below (underweight) the WHO Growth 
Reference median.
FINDING 1.
The global surge in overweight is 
affecting children and adolescents in 
every region of the world
Governments and societies have a legal and moral 
obligation to uphold children’s right to food and 
nutrition. Yet the rising prevalence of overweight 
among children and adolescents worldwide 
demonstrates that this right is being denied on 
a massive scale. Anthropometric measures of 
nutritional status (see Box 6) reflect the extent to 
which children and adolescents access nutritious 
diets and nutrition services and benefit from 
positive nutrition practices.
22  FEEDING PROFIT
Globally, one in five children and adolescents 
aged 5–19 years are living with overweight
Globally, one in twenty children under 5 years of age (5 
per cent) and one in five children and adolescents aged 
5–19 years (20 per cent) are living with overweight. This 
amounts to a staggering 35 million children under 5 
years of age, 391 million children and adolescents aged 
5–19 years, and 427 million children and adolescents in 
total (Figure 2).
Children and adolescents are affected by overweight 
and obesity in all regions of the world, though not 
equally. Latin America and the Caribbean, the Middle 
East and North Africa, and North America rank in the 
top three regions for the prevalence of overweight 
across all age groups (Figure 3). However, the burden 
(i.e., numbers of children and adolescents affected) 
is concentrated in East Asia and the Pacific, Latin 
America and the Caribbean and South Asia; these 
three regions account for more than half of all children 
and adolescents aged 0–19 years who are living with 
overweight globally (241 million out of 427 million).
One in twenty children aged less than 5 years are living 
with overweight (5 per cent) globally, compared with 
one in five children aged 5–9 years (21 per cent), one 
in five adolescents aged 10–14 years (21 per cent), and 
one in six adolescents aged 15–19 years (16 per cent). 
As explained in Box 6, the indicator definitions and 
thresholds for overweight in children aged less than 5 
years are different to those used for older children and 
adolescents, so the data are not comparable.
Globally and across regions, overweight is more 
common in boys than in girls across all age groups, 
except among adolescents aged 15–19 years, where 
the prevalence is higher in girls (see the data tables 
that accompany this report). In East Asia and the 
Pacific, Eastern Europe and Central Asia, and Latin 
America and the Caribbean, the prevalence of 
overweight among boys aged 5–9 and/or 10–14 years 
exceeds that of girls by more than 5 percentage points. 
In Eastern and Southern Africa, Latin America and the 
Caribbean, and West and Central Africa, the prevalence 
of overweight among adolescent girls aged 15–19 years 
exceeds that of boys by around 5 percentage points.
Within regions, the prevalence of overweight varies 
considerably among countries (see data tables). For 
example, in South Asia, where only 12 per cent of 
children aged 5–19 years are living with overweight, 
the prevalence ranges from 8 per cent in Bangladesh 
to 32 per cent in the Maldives, while in Latin America 
FIGURE 2: 
Percentage and numbers 
(in millions) of children and 
adolescents with overweight, 
by age group, globally
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 
2024 for children under 5 and from the year 
2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint 
Child Malnutrition Estimates for children 
under 5 and UNICEF analysis of data from 
NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 
5–19 years.
Percentage
Numbers affected 
(in millions)
5%
21%
21%
16%
141
million
147
million
35
million
103
million
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  23
East Asia and the Pacific
Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Eastern and Southern Africa
Latin America and the Caribbean
Middle East and North Africa
North America
South Asia
West and Central Africa
Western Europe
East Asia and the Pacific
Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Eastern and Southern Africa
Latin America and the Caribbean
Middle East and North Africa
North America
South Asia
West and Central Africa
Western Europe
East Asia and the Pacific
Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Eastern and Southern Africa
Latin America and the Caribbean
Middle East and North Africa
North America
South Asia
West and Central Africa
Western Europe
East Asia and the Pacific
Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Eastern and Southern Africa
Latin America and the Caribbean
Middle East and North Africa
North America
South Asia
West and Central Africa
Western Europe
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
Number of adolescents aged 
10–14 years with overweight, 
by UNICEF regions
(in millions)
Number of children aged 
5–9 years with overweight, 
by UNICEF regions
(in millions)
Number of children aged 
0–4 years with overweight, 
by UNICEF regions 
(in millions)
Number of adolescents aged 
15–19 years with overweight, 
by UNICEF regions
(in millions)
Percentage
Percentage of adolescents 
aged 10–14 years with 
overweight, by UNICEF 
regions
Percentage of children 
aged 5–9 years with 
overweight, by UNICEF 
regions
Percentage of children 
aged 0–4 years with 
overweight, by UNICEF 
regions
Percentage of adolescents 
aged 15–19 years with 
overweight, by UNICEF 
regions
7
27
28
20
3
14
12
10
3
13
13
10
8
38
45
39
10
35
36
32
9
39
39
30
4
12
10
9
8
26
23
18
8
26
25
16
FIGURE 3: 
Percentage and numbers (in millions) of children and adolescents with overweight, by age group, by UNICEF regions
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5 and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
9
4
4
2
6
3
2
2
4
39
20
11
9
23
8
8
7
17
24
16
10
6
18
5
6
5
13
41
8
10
20
18
8
22
12
7
24  FEEDING PROFIT
25
15
25
27
7
0–4 years
%
5–19 years
Very low
Low
Medium
High
Very high 
FIGURE 4: 
Percentage of countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for overweight, by 
age group
Note: The prevalence threshold categories differ by the age of 
child. Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition 
Estimates for children under 5 and UNICEF analysis of data 
from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
%
5
17
34
34
10
and the Caribbean, where 36 per cent of children aged 
5–19 years are living with overweight, the prevalence 
ranges from 23 per cent in Guatemala to 58 per cent 
in Chile.
The public health significance of overweight in a 
specific population is determined using prevalence 
thresholds from ‘very low’ to ‘very high’.2, 131 Among 
countries with data, one in five (21 per cent) have a 
‘high’ or ‘very high’ prevalence of overweight among 
children aged less than 5 years, whereas one in two 
countries (50 per cent) have a ‘high’ or ‘very high’ 
prevalence among children aged 5–19 years 
(Figure 4). 
Since 2000, the number of children and 
adolescents aged 5–19 years living with 
overweight has more than doubled
Between 2000 and 2022, the global prevalence of 
overweight almost doubled among children aged 
5–9 years (11 per cent to 21 per cent), adolescents 
aged 10–14 years (12 per cent to 21 per cent) and 
adolescents aged 15–19 years (9 per cent to 16 per 
cent) (Figure 5). In terms of numbers affected, there 
were twice as many children and adolescents aged 
5–19 years living with overweight in 2022 than in 2000 
(increasing from 194 million in 2000 to 391 million in 
2022).
Some regions have experienced a much steeper rise 
in overweight than others. In South Asia, the region 
with the lowest prevalence of overweight in 2000, 
the prevalence increased almost fivefold in children 
aged 5–9 years, 10–14 years and 15–19 years by 2022. 
In addition, the prevalence increased by at least 10 
percentage points across these age groups in East 
Asia and the Pacific, Latin America and the Caribbean, 
and the Middle East and North Africa. 
Meanwhile, there are signs that the rise in overweight 
among children and adolescents aged 5–19 years is 
levelling off in North America and Western Europe; 
both these regions started the 2000s with a higher 
overweight prevalence than all other regions, 
following a rapid rise during the late twentieth 
century. In Western Europe, the prevalence of 
overweight among children and adolescents aged 
5–19 years levelled off at below 30 per cent. This is 
noticeably lower than in North America, where the 
trend stabilized at around 40 per cent, and lower 
than in Latin America and the Caribbean and the 
Middle East and North Africa, where prevalence 
already exceeds 30 per cent and is on a trajectory to 
rise further.
Some countries have experienced a particularly 
rapid rise in overweight during the last two decades. 
For example, the prevalence of overweight among 
children and adolescents aged 5–19 years at least 
tripled between 2000 and 2022 and reached medium 
levels (from 15 per cent to less than 25 per cent) 
in nine countries, five of which are in South Asia: 
Afghanistan, Bhutan, the Democratic Republic of the 
Congo, Indonesia, Liberia, the Maldives, Pakistan, Sri 
Lanka and Viet Nam (see data tables).
Among children aged less than 5 years, the global 
prevalence of overweight barely changed between 
2000 and 2022, with around 5 per cent of children 
affected (Figure 5). But with each passing year, the 
world moves further away from the Sustainable 
Development Goal target of reducing overweight in 
children under 5 to less than 3 per cent by 2030.132 
Currently, only one in five countries (21 per cent) are 
on track to meet this target.133
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  25
0
10
20
30
40
50
East Asia and the Pacific
0
10
20
30
40
50
Eastern Europe and Central Asia
0
10
20
30
40
50
Eastern and Southern Africa
0
10
20
30
40
50
Latin America and the Caribbean
Middle East and North Africa
0
10
20
30
40
50
North America
0
10
20
30
40
50
0
10
20
30
40
50
South Asia
0
10
20
30
40
50
West and Central Africa
0
10
20
30
40
50
Percentage
Western Europe
0
10
20
30
40
50
Global
Percentage
Percentage
Percentage
15–19 years
10–14 years
5–9 years
0–4 years
FIGURE 5: 
Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents with overweight, 
by age group, by UNICEF regions and globally, 2000 to the latest
Note: Trends for children under 5 from 2000–2024 and for children and adolescents 5–19 years from 
2000–2022.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5 and 
UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2022
2024
26  FEEDING PROFIT
FINDING 2.
Low- and middle-income countries are 
experiencing the steepest rise in overweight 
in school-age children and adolescents
Overweight in children and adolescents became a 
major public health and nutrition concern among 
high-income countries during the 1980s and 1990s.134 
While these countries continue to dominate the global 
discourse on overweight, low- and middle-income 
countries now bear a growing share of the global 
burden. Without urgent and effective intervention, 
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
Latest
2000
4
5
7
7
4
4
9
8
6
5
14
27
15
15
30
31
6
5
14
28
13
15
29
34
21
21
9
27
5
11
4
12
Percentage
Numbers (in millions)
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
0–4 years
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
3
11
13
5
4
12
13
6
4
14
30
20
14
46
61
24
3
13
33
23
11
43
59
26
10
21
18
8
2
33
40
21
FIGURE 6: 
Trends in percentage and numbers (in millions) of children and adolescents with overweight, by age group and by country income 
classification, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5 and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
these countries will face severe health, social and 
economic consequences in the years ahead.
The gap in overweight prevalence between 
high-income countries and low- and middle-
income countries is rapidly closing
Between 2000 and 2022, the percentage of children 
and adolescents aged 5–19 years living with overweight 
more than doubled in low- and middle-income 
countries, compared to a more modest increase (1.2 
times) in high-income countries (Figure 6). 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  27
High-income countries continue to have the highest 
prevalence of overweight across all age groups from 
5 years to 19 years. However, the gap in prevalence 
between these countries and low- and middle-income 
countries has narrowed considerably. For example, 
the prevalence of overweight among children aged 
5–9 years in high-income countries was 13 percentage 
points higher than upper-middle-income countries 
in 2000, but this gap fell to just 1 percentage point 
in 2022.
 
Population growth in low- and middle-income 
countries has intensified these trends. Between 2000 
and 2022, the number of children and adolescents 
aged 5–19 years living with overweight more than 
quadrupled in low-income countries (from 8 million to 
34 million), more than tripled in lower-middle-income 
countries (from 37 million to 123 million) and nearly 
doubled in upper-middle-income countries (from 84 
million to 160 million). In stark contrast, the burden 
increased minimally from 62 million to 71 million in 
high-income countries during this period.
As a result, low- and middle-income countries account 
for a growing share of the global burden of overweight 
in children aged 5–19 years. Between 2000 and 2022, 
their share jumped from 66 per cent to 81 per cent. 
These figures challenge the common perception that 
high-income countries remain at the forefront of the 
overweight crisis in children and adolescents. 
As nations develop economically, the burden 
of child overweight shifts from wealthier to 
poorer households 
We examined inequities in the prevalence of 
overweight among adolescents aged 15–19 years 
across 10 low- and middle-income countries, 
using household wealth quintile as a measure of 
socioeconomic status. We find a similar pattern across 
these countries, with overweight rising as household 
wealth increases (Figure 7). 
In low-income countries, wealthier households 
can afford greater quantities of food, including 
commercially produced energy-dense foods that are 
often considered aspirational. In contrast, poorer 
households are more likely to experience food 
insecurity and lack the resources to consume excess 
calories.135 As countries transition to middle-income 
status, households gain greater purchasing power 
and globalization brings ultra-processed foods and 
beverages to street kiosks, convenience stores and 
supermarkets.135 While overweight rises across 
all income levels during this transition, wealthier 
households are typically the first to shift to energy-rich 
diets high in ultra-processed foods and beverages and 
fast foods, sustaining the wealth-related disparities in 
overweight,136 which are evident in Figure 7.
However, the inequities are reversed in high-income 
countries: overweight is concentrated among children 
and adolescents in the poorest households and 
28  FEEDING PROFIT
is a marker of poverty, not affluence.137–140 Poorer 
households in high-income countries are more likely 
to live in deprived areas that are saturated with 
convenience stores and fast food outlets selling an 
abundance of unhealthy foods (‘food swamps’) or 
in areas devoid of affordable, nutritious and healthy 
foods (‘food deserts’).141, 142 Meanwhile, wealthier 
households are more likely to live in areas with better 
access to whole and minimally processed foods, can 
afford these higher-quality foods, and are less reliant 
on ultra-processed, calorie-dense convenience foods.
If low- and middle-income countries follow the 
same pattern as high-income countries, economic 
development will bring the steepest rise in 
overweight among children and adolescents from 
poorer households in the coming decades. Figure 7 
suggests these shifts may already be underway in 
some upper-middle-income countries. For example, 
the prevalence of overweight among adolescents 
aged 15–19 years belonging to wealth quintile 
1 (the poorest households) in the Maldives and 
wealth quintile 2 in South Africa is higher than all 
other wealth quintile groups except the wealthiest 
households (wealth quintile 5). Evidence from other 
upper-middle-income countries, such as Brazil and 
Mexico, also shows that child overweight and obesity 
are increasingly concentrated among households 
with lower socioeconomic status,143, 144 and that 
these households are more likely to live in areas 
characterized as food swamps or deserts.145–148
Such shifts will harm the health and well-being of 
children and contribute to the growing burden of 
diet-related diseases among people experiencing 
poverty – such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 
diabetes – placing increasing pressure on strained 
health systems. The high prevalence of undernutrition 
in low- and middle-income countries is an additional 
vulnerability for children and adolescents: stunting 
increases the future risk of obesity, and children 
who are undernourished in the first 2 years of life 
and gain weight rapidly in later childhood are at high 
risk of diet-related non-communicable diseases.149, 
150 These countries must act now to prevent a future 
where the poorest children and adolescents will suffer 
disproportionately. 
FINDING 3.
Globally, obesity has overtaken 
underweight as the more dominant form 
of malnutrition among school-age children 
and adolescents
Malnutrition has reached a critical tipping point 
globally. Obesity has risen rapidly among school-
age children and adolescents worldwide, surpassing 
underweight for the first time in 2025. This 
unprecedented shift represents one of the most 
significant and alarming nutrition transitions of the 
twenty-first century and demands immediate action.
0
10
20
30
40
50
Peru
South Africa
Maldives
Gabon 
Kenya
United
Republic of
Tanzania
Ghana
Sierra Leone
Uganda
Ethiopia
Percentage
Wealth quintile 5
Wealth quintile 4
Wealth quintile 3
Wealth quintile 2
Wealth quintile 1
Low-income
Lower-middle-income
Upper-middle-income
FIGURE 7: 
Percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years with overweight by wealth quintile, by country income classification
Note: Wealth quintile 1 is the poorest group, and wealth quintile 5 is the wealthiest group.
Source: Demographic and Health Surveys.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  29
Obesity is rising at a faster rate than 
overweight among school-age children and 
adolescents
Globally, 8 per cent of children and adolescents aged 
5–19 years were living with obesity in 2022, compared 
with just 3 per cent in 2000 (Figure 8). This increase 
is alarming because it is rising at a faster rate than 
overweight. Between 2000 and 2022, the prevalence 
of obesity increased by at least 2.5 times across all age 
groups (5–9 years, 10–14 years and 15–19 years), while 
the prevalence of overweight increased by less than 
twofold. As a result, obesity now represents a larger 
share of all overweight cases: in 2022, 42 per cent of all 
children and adolescents aged 5–19 years living with 
overweight had obesity (163 million out of 391 million), 
up from 30 per cent in 2000 (58 million out of 194 
million) (Figure 9).
The rise in obesity is particularly pronounced in some 
countries and regions: since 2000, the prevalence 
of obesity among children aged 5–19 years tripled, 
reaching high levels (at least 10 per cent), in 17 
countries. Of these 17 countries, 58 per cent are 
in East Asia and the Pacific and Latin America and 
the Caribbean.
The high percentage of children aged 5–9 years 
affected by obesity is particularly concerning. In 2022, 
almost half of all children aged 5–9 years affected by 
overweight were classified as living with obesity (48 per 
cent or 70 million out of 147 million). The earlier obesity 
begins in childhood, the longer the child is exposed to 
serious health risks, and the greater the likelihood that 
these risks will persist into adulthood.151
Only 1 per cent of children aged less than 5 years 
are living with obesity globally. As indicated in Box 6, 
obesity in children aged less than 5 years is defined 
using a different indicator and different threshold 
than in children and adolescents aged 5–19 years, and 
therefore the data are not comparable.
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
0–4 years
2000
2024
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
Latest
Baseline
2.6x
no change
2.5x
2.6x
=
% obesity
4
10
11
21
3
9
12
21
2
6
9
16
2
1
5
5
0
10
20
30
40
Percentage
5–19 years
2000
2022
0
10
20
30
40
3
8
11
20
Percentage
2.6x
FIGURE 8: 
Trend in the percentage of children and 
adolescents with overweight and obesity, by age 
group, globally, 2000 to the latest
Note:  Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and 
from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. Baseline 
estimate is from 2000 for all age groups.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates 
for children under 5 and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for 
children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Latest
Baseline =
% obesity
30  FEEDING PROFIT
In 2025, the global prevalence of obesity 
among school-age children and adolescents 
exceeded underweight for the first time
As the prevalence of obesity continues to rise, 
there has been a steady fall in the prevalence of 
underweight among children and adolescents aged 
5–19 years (Figure 10); this shift signals a global 
transition from a predominance of underweight to a 
predominance of obesity. 
The year 2025 marks a historic turning point: for the 
first time, the global prevalence of obesity among 
school-age children and adolescents has surpassed 
that of underweight (9.4 per cent versus 9.2 per cent). 
This amounts to an estimated 188 million children 
and adolescents aged 15–19 years living with obesity 
in 2025, compared with 184 children and adolescents 
living with underweight. Obesity now exceeds 
underweight in all regions of the world, except sub-
Saharan Africa and South Asia (see Annex 1).
Different age groups are at varying stages of the 
transition from a predominance of underweight to a 
predominance of obesity. Globally, the ‘crossover’– 
the point at which the prevalence of underweight 
no longer exceeds obesity – took place in 2019 for 
Baseline
Latest
Baseline
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years 
10–14 years 
15–19 years 
24 M
21M
13 M
Obesity
Total
overweight
10M
70 M
57 M
36 M
8 M
141 M
147 M
35 M
103 M
73 M 
69 M
33 M
52 M
FIGURE 9: 
Trends in number of 
children and adolescents 
with overweight and 
obesity, by age group, 
globally (in millions)
Note: Latest estimates are from the 
year 2024 for children under 5 and 
from the year 2022 for children and 
adolescents 5–19 years. Baseline 
estimate is from 2000 for all age 
groups. M = millions.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5 and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
children aged 5–9 years. If current trends continue, 
the crossover is projected to occur in 2028 for 
adolescents aged 15–19 years, 2029 for adolescents 
aged 10–14 years, and beyond 2030 for children aged 
less than 5 years.
Annex 1 shows the estimated timings of the 
crossovers by region. The crossovers took place last 
century for all age groups of school-age children 
and adolescents in Latin America and the Caribbean, 
the Middle East and North Africa, North America 
and Western Europe; by 2008 in Eastern Europe 
and Central Asia; and by 2020 in East Asia and the 
Pacific. In Eastern and Southern Africa and West and 
Central Africa, crossovers for children aged 5–9 years 
are projected to take place by 2027 and after 2030, 
respectively, and beyond 2030 for adolescents aged 
10–14 years and 15–19 years. Of all regions, South 
Asia had the widest gap between the prevalence of 
underweight and obesity at the start of the 2000s; 
while this gap has narrowed considerably across all 
age groups, crossovers will not occur for any age 
group until after 2030.
With obesity projected to rise among school-age 
children and adolescents between 2025 and 2030 
both globally (Figure 10) and across all regions, except 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  31
for North America and Western Europe, urgent action 
is needed to halt this upward trend.
FINDING 4.
The diets of children and adolescents are 
loaded with unhealthy foods and beverages, 
including ultra-processed foods 
The urgent and growing global problem of overweight 
and obesity is closely linked with shifting dietary 
patterns among children and adolescents. While 
unhealthy diets have been a concern in high-income 
countries for several decades, they are now affecting 
children and adolescents in low- and middle-income 
countries, as food environments become increasingly 
dominated by ultra-processed, energy-dense and 
nutrient-poor foods and beverages.
Unhealthy foods and beverages are 
embedded in children’s diets from early life
Children’s first foods and early food experiences 
can either help or hinder their growth and 
development.1, 46 They can also shape young children’s 
taste preferences and dietary practices in ways that 
Obesity
Severe wasting/underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Percentage
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2019
2029
2028
2025
2030
2025
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
Percentage
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
FIGURE 10: 
Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents 
with (a) obesity; and (b) severe wasting/underweight, 
2000 to the latest and projections to 2030, by age group, 
globally
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the 
year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. Severe wasting for children 
under 5; underweight for children and adolescents 5–19 years. 
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5 and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and 
adolescents 5–19 years.
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–19 years
5–9 years
0–4 years
can be beneficial or harmful. For example, repeated 
exposure to vegetables increases acceptance and 
intake, while frequent consumption of sweet foods 
and beverages amplifies young children’s innate 
preference for sweetness.13, 14 These early-established 
dietary preferences and practices often persist into 
adolescence and adulthood, impacting nutrition and 
health outcomes in later life.14, 15
In response to growing concerns about nutrient-
poor, unhealthy diets in early childhood, UNICEF and 
WHO introduced new indicators in 2021 to monitor 
the consumption of sweet, salty and fried foods and 
sweet beverages in children aged 6–23 months. While 
current data are insufficient to produce regional 
or global estimates, data from 20 low- and middle-
income countries reveal concerning patterns (see 
Spotlight 1). In two-thirds of these countries, more 
than 50 per cent of young children consumed sweet 
foods or beverages during the previous day (Figure 
11). Consumption of these sweet foods and beverages 
is particularly high in upper-middle-income countries, 
where such products are more widely available and 
affordable, compared to low-income countries. 
SPOTLIGHT 1 
CONSUMPTION OF UNHEALTHY FOODS AND BEVERAGES IN EARLY LIFE
In response to growing concerns about shifting 
dietary patterns among young children, UNICEF and 
WHO introduced a set of new indicators to monitor 
their diets in 2021.163 These indicators capture data 
on the consumption of sweet foods and beverages 
(e.g., sweet beverages, confectionery, cakes, biscuits 
and frozen treats), salty and fried foods (e.g., chips, 
savoury snacks and instant noodles) and the absence 
of nutritious and healthy foods (e.g., no vegetables 
or fruits).
National data on the consumption of these unhealthy 
foods and beverages is available for 20 low- and 
middle-income countries (Figure 11). Our analysis 
shows that in two-thirds of these countries, more 
than 50 per cent of children aged 6–23 months 
consumed a sweet beverage or food during the 
previous day. The percentage is considerably higher 
among young children living in upper-middle-income 
countries (more than 60 per cent in Azerbaijan, 
Ecuador and Thailand) than in low-income countries 
(33 per cent or less in Burkina Faso and Mozambique). 
This disparity may be linked to greater availability, 
affordability and promotion of commercially 
produced sweet products in upper-middle-income 
countries compared to low-income countries. Across 
all countries, the percentage of young children 
consuming salty and fried foods is lower than sweet 
products, but exceeds 25 per cent in approximately 
two in five countries.
We also examined the percentage of children aged 
6–23 months consuming no eggs or flesh foods 
and no vegetables or fruits. Eggs or flesh foods 
should be eaten daily by children aged 6–23 months 
because they provide a dense, high-quality source 
of protein and essential micronutrients for growth 
and development.164, 165 Vegetables and fruits are an 
important source of micronutrients and fibre, and 
consuming them protects children against diet-
related non-communicable diseases in later life.164 
Figure 11 shows that young children in low-income 
countries are more likely than those in upper-
middle-income countries to lack these nutritious 
foods in their diets. For example, about two-thirds 
of children in Burkina Faso and Mozambique did not 
consume eggs or flesh foods during the previous 
day, compared to less than one in four children in 
Azerbaijan, Ecuador and Thailand. Eggs, flesh foods, 
vegetables and fruits tend to be relatively expensive 
in lower-income countries.166 Therefore, the same 
income constraints that limit young children’s access 
to unhealthy foods in low-income countries may also 
limit access to these nutritious and healthy foods.
Several lower-middle-income countries – such as 
Kenya, Lebanon, Nepal and Senegal – have a high 
percentage of children consuming sweet and salty/
fried foods and a high percentage of children missing 
nutritious and healthy foods in their diets. For 
example, 73 per cent of children in Nepal consumed 
a sweet product during the previous day, yet 63 per 
cent did not consume eggs or flesh foods and 33 per 
cent did not consume fruits or vegetables. Young 
children in these countries are particularly exposed 
to the triple burden of malnutrition (stunting, 
overweight and micronutrient deficiencies) because 
their diets are more likely to contain inadequate 
quantities of essential nutrients and excessive 
amounts of sugar, salt and fat. 
32  FEEDING PROFIT
Low-
income
Lower-middle-
income
Upper-middle-
income
Percentage
Percentage
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
Salty and/or
fried food
Sweet beverage
and/or food
0
20
40
60
80
100
6
4
6
11
8
18
6
32
26
12
20
28
28
27
37
42
17
28
6
6
24
33
31
33
36
40
46
52
54
57
59
61
62
64
73
76
89
63
75
84
Azerbaijan
Ecuador
Thailand
Kyrgyzstan
Jordan
Nepal
Lebanon
Egypt
Eswatini
Bangladesh
Philippines
Kenya
Senegal
Ghana
Lesotho
Cambodia
Côte d’Ivoire
United Republic of Tanzania
Burkina Faso
Mozambique
0
20
40
60
80
42
33
40
41
29
38
31
47
25
27
46
35
35
36
33
33
15
16
12
14
64
69
56
43
17
68
38
54
72
37
38
50
40
62
63
38
21
12
12
25
FIGURE 11: 
Percentage of children aged 6–23 months consuming sweet beverages and/or foods, salty and/or fried foods, not consuming 
vegetables or fruit and not consuming eggs or flesh foods, by country
Source: UNICEF Global Databases on Infant and Young Child Feeding, 2024.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  33
34  FEEDING PROFIT
In several lower-middle-income countries – including 
Kenya, Lebanon, Nepal and Senegal – a large 
percentage of young children are consuming sweet, 
salty and fried foods, while few are consuming 
nutritious foods such as vegetables, fruits, eggs and 
flesh foods (e.g., meat, poultry and fish). This dietary 
imbalance increases the risk of the triple burden of 
child malnutrition – stunting, micronutrient deficiencies 
and overweight – three forms of malnutrition that 
sometimes co-exist in the same country, community, 
household and even individual.
The commercial sector plays a central role in 
manufacturing the unhealthy foods and beverages that 
shape young children’s diets in low- and middle-income 
countries. For example, evidence shows that more than 
one in three children aged 6–23 months consumed 
a commercial snack food or beverage during the 
previous 24 hours in Côte d’Ivoire and Mali, while more 
than one in two children consumed these products 
in Dakar, Senegal, and Phnom Penh, Cambodia.152, 153 
A multi-country study across nine low- and middle-
income countries found that commercial snack foods 
and beverages contributed between 13 per cent and 38 
per cent of children’s total energy intake.154
insufficent data
71
67
54
40
26
27
54
53
47
38
31
15
21
39
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
Global
Eastern
Europe and
Central Asia
Latin America
and the 
Caribbean*
East Asia
and the
Pacific
Middle East 
and North 
Africa
West and
Central 
Arica
Eastern and
Southern 
Africa
South
Asia
Percentage
FIGURE 12: 
Percentage of children aged 6–23 months not consuming vegetables or fruit and not consuming eggs or flesh 
foods, by UNICEF region and globally
Note: *Interpret with caution; low population coverage.
Source: UNICEF Global Databases on Infant and Young Child Feeding, 2024.
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
Children are increasingly fed ultra-processed foods 
and beverages from a very young age – in the form 
of commercially produced complementary foods, 
snack foods and beverages.155 Studies have found 
that ultra-processed foods and beverages contribute 
to 38 per cent of energy intake among children 
aged 12–24 months in Brazil, 39 per cent among 
pre-school-aged children in Mexico, and 46 per 
cent among children aged 21 months in the United 
Kingdom.156–158 Such products can displace more 
nutritious and healthy foods from young children’s 
diets, including breastmilk, and increase the risk of 
all forms of malnutrition.24
Regional and global data are available on the 
absence of nutritious and healthy food groups in 
the diets of young children. Globally, 54 per cent 
of children aged 6–23 months did not consume 
eggs or flesh foods on the previous day and 39 
per cent did not consume any vegetables or fruits 
(Figure 12). These nutritious foods are more likely to 
be absent from the diets of children in South Asia, 
Eastern and Southern Africa and West and Central 
Africa – regions with the highest prevalence of 
stunting and wasting in young children.2 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  35
Globally, children living in rural areas and belonging to 
the poorest households are more likely to miss out on 
these nutritious foods, compared with those in urban 
areas and belonging to the wealthiest households 
(Figure 13). There is no significant difference at the 
global level between boys and girls.
Unhealthy foods and beverages, including 
those that are ultra-processed, are becoming 
staples in adolescents’ diets
For children and adolescents aged 2–14 years, cross-
country comparisons of dietary data are constrained 
by the lack of standardized indicators, data collection 
methods and age group categories, as well as the 
absence of any nationally representative data in some 
countries.159 However, dietary data on older adolescents 
aged 15–19 years are being collected across countries 
through the Gallup World Poll.128
 
We analysed data from the Gallup World Poll to examine 
the diets of older adolescents. Evidence suggests that 
these adolescents are more likely to exceed the WHO 
guidance on sugar intake if they consume a single soft 
drink or more than one sugary food or beverage and 
are more likely to exceed the WHO guidance on salt 
intake if they consume more than one salty processed 
food.160 Figure 14 shows that globally, a staggering 
60 per cent of adolescents consumed more than 
one sugary food/beverage during the previous day, 
32 per cent consumed soft drinks, and 25 per cent 
consumed more than one salty processed food during 
the previous day. These data show how common these 
markers of nutrient-poor, unhealthy diets have become. 
Some regions are more affected by unhealthy diets 
than others. Eastern Europe and Central Asia, the 
Middle East and North Africa and Latin America and 
the Caribbean rank in the top three regions for the 
percentage of adolescents consuming soft drinks 
and sweet beverages and foods. The consumption 
of these foods and beverages is lower in South Asia 
and sub-Saharan Africa but is still alarmingly high. For 
example, in Eastern and Southern Africa, about half of 
adolescents consumed more than one sweet food or 
beverage during the previous day, and about one in 
four consumed soft drinks and more than one salty, 
processed food. 
No eggs or 
flesh foods
Urban
Rural
Girl
Boy
Poorest
Wealthiest
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
53
53
42
60
63
49
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
38
38
32
42
46
36
No vegetable 
or fruit
Percentage
Percentage
FIGURE 13: 
Percentage of children 
aged 6–23 months not 
consuming vegetables or 
fruit and not eating eggs 
or flesh foods, by sex, 
residence, and wealth 
group, globally
Source: UNICEF Global Databases on 
Infant and Young Child Feeding, 2024
36  FEEDING PROFIT
and beverages, regardless of where they live and the 
economic status of their households. Consumption 
levels are similar among girls and boys; however, 
a slightly higher percentage of boys than girls 
consumed soft drinks during the previous day (36 per 
cent versus 28 per cent).
Adolescents are the largest consumers of ultra-
processed foods in most upper-middle and high-
income countries with available data. Ultra-processed 
foods and beverages account for at least one-third 
of total energy intake of adolescents in Argentina, 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
Global
Latin America
and the
Caribbean
Eastern Europe
and Central
Asia
Middle East
and North
Africa
East Asia
and the
Pacific
Eastern and
Southern
Africa
West and
Central
Africa
South Asia
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sweet
food or 
beverage
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
Percentage
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
11
15
12
10
10
4
11
41
28
30
4
18
10
23
11
9
22
10
23
38
37
44
38
25
57
44
51
62
73
88
83
60
17
17
24
35
47
55
55
32
10
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
FIGURE 14: 
Percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years (a) consuming soft drinks, more than one sugary food or beverage 
and more than one salty processed food; (b) not consuming vegetables or fruit and not consuming eggs or 
flesh foods, by UNICEF region and globally
Source: Gallup World Poll surveys between 2021 and 2024.
Globally, adolescents in urban areas and those from 
the wealthier households are more likely to consume 
foods and beverages high in sugar and salt than 
their peers in rural areas and those belonging to 
the poorest households. However, the percentages 
for rural areas and the poorest households are 
surprisingly high (Figure 15). For example, more than 
half of adolescents in rural areas (53 per cent) and 
belonging to the poorest households (52 per cent) 
consumed more than one sugary food/beverage 
during the previous day. This analysis shows just 
how exposed adolescents are to unhealthy foods 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  37
Belgium, Chile and Mexico and at least half of total 
energy intake in Australia, Canada, the United States 
and the United Kingdom.24, 161 Such high levels of 
consumption seemingly fit the description of a staple 
food – i.e., “one that is eaten regularly and in such 
quantities as to constitute the dominant part of the 
diet and supply a major proportion of energy and 
nutrients”.162 
We examined the extent to which nutritious foods are 
absent from the diets of adolescents. Figure 14 shows 
that Eastern and Southern Africa, South Asia and 
West and Central Africa have a higher percentage of 
adolescents that are missing eggs and flesh foods in 
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sugary 
food or 
beverage
25
20
26
21
30
30
58
65
62
52
67
53
No egg or 
flesh food
Urban
Rural
Girl
Boy
Poorest Wealthiest
No vegetable 
or fruit
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
26
21
%
%
%
%
%
20
28
16
30
12
11
11
13
8
16
28
27
36
28
36
36
FIGURE 15: 
Percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years consuming soft drinks, consuming more than one sugary food or beverage, 
consuming more than one salty processed food, not consuming vegetables or fruit and not consuming eggs or flesh foods, by 
sex, residence, and wealth group, globally
Source: Gallup World Poll surveys between 2021 and 2024.
their diets (greater than 25 per cent) compared with 
other regions (less than 20 per cent). 
There is a pressing need to increase availability 
of high-quality data on the diets of children and 
adolescents worldwide to monitor progress, inform 
policies and guide effective interventions to address 
nutrient-poor and unhealthy diets.159 Nationally 
representative datasets using standardized indicators 
of children’s and adolescents’ diets are essential 
to enable comparisons both within and between 
countries. 
38  FEEDING PROFIT
3 | OUR ANALYSIS
THE DRIVERS OF 
UNHEALTHY FOOD 
ENVIRONMENTS
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  39
This chapter analyses how food environments 
across the world are increasing children’s and 
adolescents’ exposure to unhealthy foods 
and beverages, including those that are ultra-
processed, even during humanitarian crises. 
These foods and beverages are widely available, 
inexpensive and aggressively marketed in the 
places where children live, learn and play. Unethical 
business practices of the food and beverage industry 
undermine efforts to implement legal measures 
and policies to protect children from nutrient-poor, 
unhealthy diets. However, with determined action, 
governments and partners can reshape food 
environments and uphold children’s right to food 
and nutrition. 
ANALYSIS 1.
Inexpensive ultra-processed foods and 
beverages are flooding retail markets and 
infiltrating schools
Households are increasingly reliant on food purchases 
rather than homegrown or self-produced foods – a 
trend that affects not only urban families but also 
farming households and the rural poor.167, 168 As a 
result, children’s and adolescents’ diets are shaped by 
what foods and beverage are available and affordable 
in retail settings and in schools.169 
Cheap, ultra-processed foods and 
beverages increasingly dominate food 
retail environments, especially in poorer 
neighbourhoods
Over recent decades, food retail environments have 
transformed.170 What was once a locally supplied 
sector of family- and community-run shops, markets 
and street vendors is increasingly being displaced 
by modern convenience stores, supermarkets, 
hypermarkets, fast food chains and online food 
platforms, fed by global supply chains.85, 171–173 The 
ultra-processed food and beverage industry uses 
these modern food retailers as key channels for 
market expansion, given their considerable potential 
to increase sale volumes.86
In high-income countries, the transition to modern 
food retailers began in the mid-twentieth century.174 
As these countries became increasingly saturated 
with ultra-processed foods and beverages, the 
growth momentum shifted to emerging and 
developing economies.85, 86 Our analysis of trends 
from 2009 to 2023 shows that the density of modern 
food retailers in upper-middle-income countries 
has risen rapidly alongside diminishing yet resilient 
traditional retailers (see Spotlight 2).170 
Modern food retailers are also establishing a foothold 
in low- and lower-middle-income countries, including 
in sub-Saharan Africa, though traditional retailers 
continue to play a vital role in food access.175 The 
ultra-processed food and beverage industry also 
leverages traditional retailers throughout the world 
to deepen market penetration, using extensive local 
distribution networks to reach rural and remote 
areas.86 
Worldwide sales of ultra-processed foods and 
beverages are rising rapidly, driven by rapid growth 
in middle-income countries.85, 86 For example, UNICEF 
studies in the United Republic of Tanzania and 
Zimbabwe – both lower-middle-income countries – 
found that retail sales of unhealthy, ultra-processed 
foods, sugary beverages and fast food increased by 
30 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, between 
2021 and 2024.176, 177 Our analysis of packaged foods 
and beverages in these countries revealed that 82 
per cent of these products are ultra-processed, 
highlighting the overwhelming dominance of these 
products in retail environments.178, 179
Even commercially produced complementary 
foods for young children are often ultra-processed, 
such as commercial cereals, purees, snacks and 
beverages.24, 180, 181 While consumption of these 
products is highest in high-income countries, it 
is also rising rapidly in low- and middle-income 
countries.24, 180, 181 Our research across seven 
Southeast Asian countries found that nearly 
half (48 per cent) of commercially produced 
complementary foods marketed as suitable for 
children under 3 years of age are ultra-processed 
40  FEEDING PROFIT
and almost one-third contain additives not 
permitted under Codex Alimentarius standards 
and guidelines.181 Such practices raise serious 
concerns about the quality and safety of these 
foods for children during a critical period in their 
growth and development. 
Evidence from both high- and middle-income 
countries shows that poorer neighbourhoods are 
disproportionately exposed to ultra-processed 
foods and beverages through retail settings. 
These neighbourhoods often have a higher 
density of convenience stores, fast food outlets 
and unhealthy food marketing, while access 
to affordable nutritious and healthy foods is 
limited.182–185 Supermarkets tend to promote 
ultra-processed foods more heavily in low-
income areas.85, 186
For example, our research in Argentina, Brazil, 
Chile, Costa Rica and Mexico found that retailers 
were more likely to display sweet snacks and 
sugary cereals prominently at entrances and within 
children’s reach in poorer communities than in 
wealthier communities (Figure 17).187 
Adolescents are particularly vulnerable to unhealthy 
retail environments as they acquire discretionary 
spending power and greater autonomy in food 
choices, often without parental oversight. Our 
study in Chengdu Province (China), Indonesia, 
the Philippines and Thailand found that nine out 
of ten adolescents making food purchases from 
supermarkets or convenience stores most frequently 
bought sweet and salty snacks from these retailers – 
such as confectionery, biscuits, chips and ice-cream 
(see Spotlight 2).188–191 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  41
FIGURE 16: Trends over time (2009–2023) by region and country income group in the 
(a) density of chain outlets; (b) density of non-chain outlets; and (c) percentage of 
food sales from chain outlets  
Source: Adapted from Scapin, Tailane et al., ‘Global food retail environments are increasingly dominated by large chains and 
linked to the rising prevalence of obesity’, Nature Food, vol. 6, no. 3, 2025, pp. 283–295.
Percentage of grocery sales
Number of outlets per 10,000 people
Number of outlets per 10,000 people
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
a) Density of chain outlets
b) Density of non-chain outlets
c) Percentage of food sales from chain outlets
High-income countries
Upper-middle-income countries
Low- and lower-middle-income countries
Sub-Saharan Africa
South Asia
North America
Middle East and North Africa
Latin America and the Caribbean
Europe and Central Asia
East Asia and the Pacific
All countries
The shift to modern food 
retailers is making it easier for 
children and adolescents to 
access ultra-processed foods and 
beverages 
Traditional retail markets – such 
as family-run and community-run 
shops, fresh food markets, kiosks, 
street vendors and mobile vendors 
– once dominated food sales in 
many parts of the world. But they 
are being displaced by modern 
retail outlets, especially modern 
convenience stores, groceries, 
supermarkets and hypermarkets 
– alongside the expansion of the 
ultra-processed food and beverage 
industry.
UNICEF and Deakin University 
examined trends in retail food 
environments across 97 countries 
from 2009 to 2023.170 The analysis 
found a marked rise in the density 
of ‘chain’ outlets (convenience 
stores, supermarkets and 
hypermarkets with more than 10 
outlets) alongside a decline in the 
density of 'non-chain' outlets (small 
grocery stores, kiosks and market 
stalls) (Figure 16a and 16b). These 
trends were observed across all 
regions except for North America, 
where the density of chain outlets 
has fallen slightly. 
In high-income countries, the shift 
to modern retail outlets began 
more than 50 years ago, though the 
density of these outlets continues 
to grow, except in North America. 
Upper-middle-income countries 
are experiencing the steepest rise 
in the density of modern outlets, 
and there has also been a steady 
increase in low-income and lower-
middle-income countries – albeit 
from a low baseline. These trends 
have contributed to a 17 per cent 
increase in grocery sales from 
chain outlets and an 11 per cent 
increase in the share of unhealthy 
food sold through chain outlets. 
Chain outlets have considerable 
market power and maintain 
strong ties with multinational 
food manufacturers. They 
influence food access and diets 
by facilitating the widespread 
availability and promotion of 
unhealthy foods and beverages, 
including those that are ultra-
processed. More than half of 
unhealthy food purchases are 
now made in chain outlets in 
East Asia and the Pacific, Europe 
and Central Asia, the Middle East 
and North Africa, Latin America 
and the Caribbean, and North 
America (Figure 16c). 
SPOTLIGHT 2 
CHILDREN AT RISK IN RETAIL FOOD ENVIRONMENTS
During the past five years, UNICEF has explored how retail environments are evolving and shaping food 
purchases by and for children. This Spotlight highlights key findings from a series of studies at global level 
and across countries in East Asia and the Pacific, Eastern and Southern Africa, Europe and Central Asia, 
and Latin America and the Caribbean.
42  FEEDING PROFIT
However, non-chain outlets also 
sell these ultra-processed foods 
and beverages, and while they may 
lack the sophisticated marketing 
strategies used by chains, they have 
substantial market penetration, 
especially in lower-income countries.
UNICEF and Deakin University also 
conducted in-depth analyses in four 
emerging economies in East Asia 
and the Pacific – China, Indonesia, 
the Philippines and Thailand – all 
of which have experienced a rapid 
FIGURE 17: 
Percentage of stores offering 
sweet snacks, ready-to-eat 
cereals, and vegetables and 
fruit in the reach of children 
and adolescents in the 
entrance of stores, by the 
socioeconomic status of the 
area, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, 
Costa Rica and Mexico 
Low socioeconomic status
Medium socioeconomic status
High socioeconomic status
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
Vegetables and fruit
Ready-to-eat cereals
Sweet foods
62
19
0
43
13
7
24
5
20
rise in the number of modern 
food outlets and per capita sales 
of ultra-processed foods and 
beverages.192–195 As the number of 
modern food outlets grows, so too 
do opportunities for adolescents 
to access ultra-processed 
foods and beverages. In these 
countries, more than two-thirds 
of adolescents (13–19 years) and 
caregivers of younger children 
(<12 years) purchase food from 
supermarkets or convenience 
stores.188–191 
Nine in ten adolescents (87 per 
cent to 93 per cent) said that 
their most frequent buys were 
unhealthy packaged snacks, such 
as confectionery, biscuits, chips 
and ice-cream.
Children and adolescents 
are deliberately targeted by 
retailers, especially in poorer 
communities 
Modern retailers – working 
in close collaboration with 
manufacturers – strategically 
SPOTLIGHT 2  CHILDREN AT RISK IN RETAIL FOOD ENVIRONMENTS
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  43
decide what foods to sell and 
how to display them. They often 
deliberately target children and 
adolescents, prioritizing profit 
over public health nutrition, 
especially in low-income areas.
A UNICEF study across Argentina, 
Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica and 
Mexico found that in-store 
product placement varied by 
neighbourhood wealth.187 In 
poorer areas, sweet snacks and 
sugary cereals were prominently 
displayed at entrances and within 
children’s reach. In contrast, fruits 
and vegetables took these prime 
positions in wealthier communities 
(Figure 17). Such practices exploit 
economic vulnerability and 
deepen inequities in access to 
nutritious food for children.
Another UNICEF study in 
Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and 
Mexico found that retailers use 
a barrage of tactics to target 
children with unhealthy foods: 
product displays at children’s eye 
level, branded displays, cartoon 
characters, prize giveaways 
and limited-time discounts.187 In 
contrast, retailers rarely use these 
tactics for healthier products. 
FIGURE 18: 
Percentage of adolescents 
aged 13–17 years and 
caregivers of children aged 
less than 12 years who used 
online grocery stores or food 
delivery apps to purchase 
food in 2022, by type and 
country
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
Caregivers
Adolescents
Caregivers
Adolescents
Percentage
Chengdu Province 
(China)
Indonesia
Philippines
Thailand
Online grocery store
Food delivery app
However, it is not just modern 
retailers that target children. Our 
research in the United Republic 
of Tanzania and Zimbabwe 
shows that traditional outlets 
operating around schools – such 
as kiosks, mobile vendors, tuck 
shops and school canteens – are 
rapidly adapting to meet growing 
market demand from children.176, 
177 They offer inexpensive ultra-
processed snacks and sugary 
beverages that exploit children’s 
limited purchasing power, 
taste preferences and routines. 
The ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry strategically 
invests in this market by supplying 
branded fridges, umbrellas and 
child-targeted promotions to 
ensure products are visible and 
appealing to children. 
The growth of online grocery 
stores and food delivery apps is 
expanding access to unhealthy 
foods and beverages
The digital shift in food 
environments is making things 
worse for children. Online grocery 
stores and food delivery apps are 
most common in high-income 
countries but are expanding 
fast in middle-income countries 
– accelerated by COVID-19-era 
lockdowns. Adolescents are now 
regular users across several 
large countries in East Asia and 
the Pacific: the UNICEF survey 
in Chengdu Province (China), 
Indonesia, the Philippines and 
Thailand found that more than 
one-third used online grocery 
platforms the previous week and 
more than half ordered through 
food delivery apps (Figure 18).188–191 
Caregivers with children under 
12 years of age also used these 
services, albeit less frequently.
A 2023 supermarket audit 
covering Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan 
and North Macedonia in Europe 
and Central Asia found online food 
retail platforms at varying stages 
of development and growth.196 
In Azerbaijan, processed meats 
featured most prominently on the 
home page of these platforms, 
while in North Macedonia, chips 
and savoury biscuits made up 
between 55 per cent and 100 
per cent of home page product 
listings. In Kazakhstan, up to 69 
per cent of products displayed 
on promotional web pages were 
chips, confectionery, sweet 
biscuits or soft drinks.
SPOTLIGHT 2  CHILDREN AT RISK IN RETAIL FOOD ENVIRONMENTS
44  FEEDING PROFIT
Online grocery stores and meal delivery platforms 
offer even more opportunity to access ultra-
processed and fast foods: one-third of adolescents 
used online grocery platforms the previous week, 
and more than half ordered food or drinks through 
delivery apps (Figure 18).
Ultra-processed products are not only increasingly 
available throughout the world but also tend to be 
more affordable than other foods. As illustrated 
in Figure 19, the relative caloric price of sugary 
snacks and salty snacks is lower than vegetables/
fruits and eggs/flesh foods across all country 
income groupings.166 Additional analysis shows 
that ultra-processed foods are on average 47 per 
cent less expensive than unprocessed or minimally 
processed foods and 50 per cent less expensive 
than processed foods.197 These price disparities are 
partly driven by agricultural subsidies – especially 
in high-income countries – that artificially lower the 
international commodity prices of key ingredients, 
such as corn, soy and wheat, as well as the 
widespread use of preservatives and stabilizers that 
extend shelf-life.197–199 
Figure 19 also shows that affordability of sugary and 
salty snacks and soft drinks increases as countries 
develop economically, as indicated by the lower 
relative caloric price in high-income versus low-
income countries. This may partly explain why the 
burden of child overweight shifts from wealthier 
households to poorer households as countries 
develop economically. 
Refugees displaced by conflict and political 
instability face unique challenges in meeting 
their dietary needs due to economic vulnerability, 
restricted access to nutritious and healthy foods, 
and reliance on food aid commodities that prioritize 
calories over quality. In Spotlight 3, we report how 
10-year-old Rimas and her mother, Eman, struggle 
to access an affordable, nutritious and healthy diet 
in the Qushtapa refugee camp on the outskirts of 
Erbil, Iraq.
FIGURE 19 
Relative caloric price of 
sugary snacks, salty snacks, 
soft drinks, vegetables and 
fruit, eggs and flesh foods, by 
country income status 
Source: Headey, Derek D, and Harold H 
Alderman, ‘The relative caloric prices of 
healthy and unhealthy foods differ 
systematically across income levels and 
continents’, Journal of Nutrition, vol. 149, 
July 2019, pp. 2020–2033. 
Note: Caloric prices are compared with 
starchy staples.
 
Soft drinks
Salty snacks
Sugary snacks
Vegetables and fruit
Eggs and flesh foods
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
High-income
Upper-middle-
income
Lower-middle-
income
Low-income
Percentage
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  45
SPOTLIGHT 3
A MOTHER’S BATTLE FOR NUTRITIOUS AND HEALTHY DIETS IN A REFUGEE CAMP200
Ten-year-old Rimas sits cross-
legged beside her mother, Eman, 
in their home in Qushtapa refugee 
camp on the outskirts of Erbil, Iraq. 
They are among the more than 
175,000 people who fled the civil 
war in the Syrian Arab Republic and 
now live in camps across Iraq. 
Like many families in the camp, 
Rimas and her family struggle to 
afford the fresh foods that are on 
offer in the shops in the camp. 
“Sometimes I go with my mother to 
the store and see fruits I like, such as 
strawberries,” Rimas says. “But my 
mother says we can’t afford them.”
Eman clarifies, “I want to cook 
healthy food for my children. Of 
course, there are things I wish I 
could afford – fruit like oranges and 
bananas because they’re really good 
for children. We can’t afford meat 
every day. But I do my best and I get 
them what I can afford.”
Refugee camps, often thought 
of as temporary shelters, have 
become long-term homes for many 
displaced families in the region. 
Over time, they’ve developed small 
economies – shops, food stalls, 
even fast food restaurants. While 
these provide convenience and a 
sense of normalcy, they have also 
introduced an abundance of ultra-
processed foods and beverages 
to the local food environment. 
Nearly one in three school-age 
children and adolescents in 
Iraq (30 per cent) are living with 
overweight or obesity – a trend 
that extends to the refugee 
camps.
“The refugees that are living 
here came mainly from the small 
towns in the north of Syria,” 
explains Falah Wadi, Health and 
Nutrition Officer with UNICEF 
Iraq. “They used to have a healthier 
environment than in the camps, 
more access to healthy foods like 
fruits and vegetables. Inside the 
camp, there are a lot of mini-
markets that are selling a lot of 
unhealthy foods.”
Rimas is well-aware of the 
unhealthy foods on offer. 
“Sometimes I’ll come home and 
then go to the store to buy biscuits 
or chips. I know these foods are 
unhealthy. My mother tells me not 
to eat them, but I crave them.”
Eman does her best to push back. 
“My children will buy things and 
I throw them away and tell them 
that’s unhealthy,” she says. “Most 
children, not just my children, 
prefer to eat the food they love. 
They like to order takeout, but I 
always tell them home-cooked food 
is healthier”.
Rimas agrees. Still, temptation is 
everywhere, aided and abetted by 
the marketing of unhealthy foods. 
“I see lots of different things on my 
phone. I see chocolates, I see cake. I 
want to ask my mother to buy them 
for me, but then I shake it off and 
say, ‘no, I can’t.’”
The struggle for healthy food in 
refugee camps reflects a broader 
crisis. Decades of conflict and 
displacement have left millions of 
displaced families across Iraq and 
the region facing food poverty, 
unable to afford the nutritious and 
diverse diets. Sugary, salty and 
starchy snacks and soft drinks are 
often inexpensive compared to 
whole and minimally processed 
nutritious foods, such as fruits, 
vegetables, eggs and poultry. 
Despite the difficulties, Eman is 
determined to give her children 
the best diet possible. In their 
small home in Qushtapa camp, 
she prepares meals with the 
nutritious foods she can afford 
and teaches her children the value 
of home-cooked food.
SPOTLIGHT 4 
NAVIGATING SCHOOL FOOD ENVIRONMENTS IN SOUTH ASIA
In South Asia, the prevalence 
of overweight among school-
age children and adolescents 
is among the lowest of all 
regions but is rising at a fast 
pace, while undernutrition and 
micronutrient deficiency remain 
major concerns (see Finding 1). 
To better understand the food 
environments in and around 
schools, UNICEF conducted a 
U-Report poll in 2023 among 
adolescents aged 13–19 across 
eight South Asian countries – 
Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, 
India, the Maldives, Nepal, 
Pakistan and Sri Lanka. The poll 
explored both the availability and 
marketing of food in secondary 
schools.201
Nearly half (48 per cent) of school-
going adolescents reported that 
their schools offer food services, 
such as canteens or tuck shops. 
Among these adolescents, about 
three-quarters (77 per cent) said 
freshly cooked meals are available. 
However, less than half (49 per 
cent) reported access to fresh 
vegetables and/or fruit (Figure 
20). In contrast, unhealthy foods 
and beverages were disturbingly 
common, including packaged 
snacks (61 per cent), fast foods (55 
per cent) and sugar-sweetened 
beverages (55 per cent). In fact, 
more students reported these 
products as available than fresh 
vegetables/fruit in Bangladesh, 
India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
There are notable differences 
between countries. In Bhutan, 
adolescents reported relatively 
high availability of freshly cooked 
meals and fresh vegetables and/or 
fruit, compared to packaged foods, 
fast foods and sugar-sweetened 
beverages. This pattern was 
reversed in Bangladesh, where 
packaged and fast foods were 
more prevalent than healthier 
alternatives. 
Marketing also plays a powerful 
role in shaping food choices. 
Almost one in two respondents 
(47 per cent) reported seeing food 
brands and logos within their 
schools – ranging from one in 
four students in Afghanistan to 
more than half in India. More than 
half (53 per cent) of adolescents 
said that these advertisements 
influenced their food choices. 
Reflecting their awareness of 
this influence, nearly two-thirds 
(64 per cent) of adolescents 
expressed support for banning 
the advertising of unhealthy 
foods on school grounds.
46  FEEDING PROFIT
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  47
Adolescents attending schools 
without food service facilities 
had even fewer opportunities 
for healthy meals. Only one in 
two (52 per cent) reported the 
availability of freshly cooked 
meals within walking distance 
SPOTLIGHT 4 : NAVIGATING SCHOOL FOOD ENVIRONMENTS IN SOUTH ASIA
of the school (Figure 21). These 
adolescents were also more 
likely to report the presence of 
packaged snacks (76 per cent) 
and sugar-sweetened beverages 
(62 per cent). 
FIGURE 21: 
Types of foods and beverages available near schools without food service facilities, by country, South Asia, 2023
FIGURE 20: 
Types of foods and beverages available at food service facilities in schools, by country, South Asia, 2023
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
All countries
Sri Lanka
Pakistan
Nepal
India
Bhutan
Bangladesh
Afghanistan
Freshly cooked meals
Fresh vegetables 
and fruit
Packaged snacks
Fast food
Sugar-sweetened 
beverages
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
All countries
Sri Lanka
Pakistan
Nepal
India
Bhutan
Bangladesh
Afghanistan
48  FEEDING PROFIT
Schools are not protecting children from 
unhealthy foods and beverages, including 
those that are ultra-processed 
Schools are not just centres of learning – they are 
environments where children and adolescents 
spend significant time and which shape their social, 
emotional, physical and cultural development. The 
availability and affordability of food and beverages 
in these school food environments influence young 
people’s dietary practices and can have lasting effects 
on their nutrition and health.202
According to the 2024 Global Survey of School Meal 
Programs, one in four school meal programmes 
serve processed meat (25 per cent), about one in five 
serve sweets/ice-cream (21 per cent) and deep-fried 
foods (19 per cent) and 14 per cent provide sugar-
sweetened beverages (Figure 22).203 While these 
values are lower than the percentage of programmes 
offering nutritious foods, such as legumes (76 per 
cent), dark green leafy vegetables (69 per cent), 
fruits (61 per cent) and eggs (46 per cent), the fact 
that these unhealthy foods and beverages are part 
of school meal programmes is alarming. Access to 
these unhealthy options increases with a country’s 
income level. 
To complement these data, UNICEF sought insights 
from adolescents themselves. Our findings in South 
Asia reveal that the situation is more alarming than 
expected, considering most countries in the region 
have lower-middle-income status (see Spotlight 4).201 
More than half of adolescents attending schools 
with food service facilities reported the availability of 
packaged snacks (61 per cent) and sugar-sweetened 
beverages (55 per cent). In schools without food 
service facilities, an even higher percentage of 
adolescents had access to packaged snacks (76 per 
cent) and sugar-sweetened beverages (62 per cent). 
These findings were echoed in our conversations with 
adolescents.200 Neta, a 14-year-old girl living in New 
Delhi, India explained, “When we leave school, we’re 
surrounded by cold drinks, chips, ice-cream. If we go a 
little further, we see coconut water and healthy food like 
fresh fruit and so on. But near the school, we mostly see 
unhealthy food.” 
A lack of safe and palatable drinking water in schools 
can increase children’s reliance on sugar-sweetened 
beverages, especially if bottled water is equally or 
more expensive.204, 205 Globally, 447 million children 
do not have access to a basic drinking water service 
at school,206 and in some settings where water is 
available, school children may avoid it because they 
worry it is unsafe or dislike the taste. 
In the absence of effective legal measures and 
policies, schools are infiltrated by unhealthy foods and 
beverages, including those that are ultra-processed, 
as well as food marketing and sponsorship by the 
ultra-processed food and beverage industry, which 
FIGURE 22: 
Percentage of school meal programmes offering unhealthy foods and beverages, by country income status, 2024 
Source: Adapted from: Global Child Nutrition Foundation, School Meal Programs Around the World: Results from the 2024 global survey of school meal programs, GCNF, February 2025. 
Processed meat
Deep fried foods
Sweets and ice cream
Sugar-sweetened 
beverages
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
Total
High-income
Upper-middle-
income
Lower-middle-
income
Low-income
9
8
45
46
25
4
21
27
28
19
4
16
39
31
21
4
18
32
10
14
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  49
undermine the role of schools as safe spaces for 
children and adolescents. For example, in the United 
Republic of Tanzania and Zimbabwe, our research 
found that the ultra-processed food and beverage 
industry pursues direct partnerships with school tuck 
shops and canteens, sponsoring events, supplying 
branded products and embedding their presence 
in school routines.176, 177 Combined with colourful 
packaging, promotional giveaways and child-friendly 
pricing, these tactics exploit children’s limited 
agency and purchasing power, normalizing the daily 
consumption of ultra-processed foods and sweetened 
drinks within learning environments.
ANALYSIS 2.
Children are highly exposed to the 
marketing of ultra-processed foods and 
beverages at home, school and play, 
particularly digital marketing
Children and adolescents are valuable targets for the 
ultra-processed food and beverage industry. Their 
cognitive vulnerability and brand loyalty drive both 
immediate sales and long-term profitability.206–209 
With expanding digital marketing and limited 
regulation, they face increasingly sophisticated 
marketing tactics that undermine multiple child rights, 
including the right to information, privacy, food and 
nutrition and the highest attainable standard of 
health.123, 210, 211
Children, adolescents and young people 
experience temptation, pressure and 
powerlessness in the face of relentless 
marketing by the ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry
Around the world, children and adolescents encounter 
food environments that are heavily shaped by the 
ultra-processed food and beverage industry. As a 
primary commercial audience, they are specifically 
targeted by products, packaging and advertising that 
is designed to appeal to them. These tactics aim to 
build brand loyalty early and embed ultra-processed 
foods into their daily consumption habits. 
Our 2024 global U-Report poll across 171 countries 
found that three out of four young people (75 
per cent) aged 13–24 years saw advertisements for 
sugary drinks, snacks or fast food during the previous 
week through a range of platforms and settings – 
social media, websites, television, billboards, shops, 
schools, sports events and videogames (see Spotlight 
5). While marketing exposure is highest among those 
living in upper-middle-income countries (90 per cent), 
it is also unacceptably high in low-income countries 
(65 per cent) and even in countries affected by conflict 
(68 per cent).
50  FEEDING PROFIT
A 2024 global poll conducted by 
UNICEF via its U-Report platform 
among more than 64,000 
young people aged 13–24 years 
across 171 countries reveals 
the startling scale of food 
advertising exposure. While 
participants in this poll may not 
represent all young people – 
given that participation requires 
access to a digital platform or a 
mobile phone – it offers insights 
into extent of exposure among 
those who are connected online. 
Our findings show that the reach 
of food advertising transcends 
low-, middle- and high-income 
contexts. Three in four young 
people (75 per cent) reported 
seeing advertisements for 
sugary drinks, fast food or 
snacks in just the previous week 
(Figure 23). Exposure is highest in 
upper-middle-income countries, 
where a staggering 90 per cent 
of young respondents said they 
had seen such advertisements. 
But among low-income 
countries, exposure was also 
alarmingly high at 65 per cent. 
Considering that these foods are 
not necessary for a nutritious 
and healthy diet – and often 
displace nutritious and healthy 
SPOTLIGHT 5 
MORE THAN TWO-THIRDS OF ADOLESCENTS AND YOUNG ADULTS ARE EXPOSED 
TO FOOD ADVERTISING, EVEN IN COUNTRIES AFFECTED BY CONFLICT 
FIGURE 23: 
Percentage of young people aged 13–24 years who saw advertisements for 
sugary/energy drinks, fast food or snacks during the previous week, by country 
income status and country fragility status, 2024  
Percentage
Country income status
Country fragility status
65
73
90
69
68
67
78
75
0
20
40
60
80
100
All countries
Not 
fragile
Institutional 
& social
Conflict
High-
income
Upper-
middle-
income
Lower-
middle-
income
Low-
income
foods – the ideal level of marketing 
exposure is zero.
Even young people in conflict-
affected countries are heavily 
exposed to unhealthy food and 
beverage marketing. Overall, 68 
per cent of young people in such 
settings had encountered these 
advertisements, with extremely 
high exposure in Iraq (82 per 
cent), Lebanon (81 per cent) and 
Ukraine (84 per cent).
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  51
SPOTLIGHT 5  MORE THAN TWO-THIRDS OF ADOLESCENTS AND YOUNG ADULTS ARE EXPOSED TO FOOD ADVERTISING, EVEN IN 
COUNTRIES AFFECTED BY CONFLICT
Percentage
0
20
40
60
80
Video games
Sports events
School or
university
Shops
Billboards/
outdoor
TV
Internet
Social media
Low-income
Lower-middle-income
Upper-middle-income
High-income
All countries
44
46
44
21
14
13
6
5
48
44
41
19
19
6
6
71
56
51
31
26
10
10
6
7
50
44
39
29
29
15
12
9
52
46
43
21
20
10
6
6
Percentage
0
20
40
60
80
Cartoons
Athletes
Influencers
Celebrities
15
16
12
6
29
21
21
11
28
29
11
8
20
18
9
27
23
18
10
21
While television still plays a role, 
today’s advertising battleground 
is clearly digital (Figure 24). Social 
media is the top source of food 
and drink advertisements (52 
per cent), followed by other 
internet websites (46 per cent) and 
television (43 per cent). Strikingly, 
these patterns were consistent 
across countries regardless 
of income status. Exposure to 
advertising via screens was 
highest among children living in 
upper-middle-income countries 
and lowest among those living in 
low-income countries.
The role of celebrities and 
influencers in food and beverage 
marketing is particularly strong 
in middle-income countries. 
In both lower- and upper-
middle-income settings, almost 
30 per cent of respondents 
noted seeing food or beverage 
endorsements from celebrities, 
and a similar percentage also saw 
endorsements from influencers 
in upper-middle-income countries 
(Figure 25).
Perhaps the most concerning 
finding is that three in five 
young people agreed that these 
advertisements made them want 
to consume the products they 
saw either sometimes (38 per 
cent), often (12 per cent) or always 
(11 per cent). The differences 
by country income status were 
marginal. 
FIGURE 24: Percentage 
of young people aged 
13–24 years who saw 
advertisements for 
sugary/energy drinks, 
fast food or snacks 
during the previous 
week, by source of 
advertisement, 2024
FIGURE 25: Percentage 
of young people aged 
13–24 years who saw 
celebrities, influencers, 
athletes or cartoons 
in advertisements for 
sugary/energy drinks, 
fast food or snacks 
during the previous 
week, by county 
income status, 2024 
52  FEEDING PROFIT
This marketing ecosystem is designed to exploit 
vulnerabilities. Children, especially those under age 
8, lack the cognitive ability to recognize persuasive 
intent and to distinguish between entertainment and 
advertising.93, 212 They often interpret what they see 
in television commercials, advergames and animated 
content as factual and trustworthy, unaware that 
these messages are designed to influence their 
preferences.
Adolescents are more cognitively advanced than 
younger children but still lack fully developed 
critical reasoning abilities and remain highly 
impressionable.93, 213, 214 As their identities are still 
forming, they are especially sensitive to peer approval, 
social trends and emotional appeals. Marketers 
skilfully take advantage of these vulnerabilities 
to build brand loyalty and shape long-term food 
preferences.206, 207 
 
We find that children and adolescents in the 
Dominican Republic, India, the Maldives, South 
Africa and Viet Nam experience a mix of emotions – 
excitement, temptation, frustration and helplessness 
– when exposed to the marketing of unhealthy foods 
and beverages (see Spotlight 6). Parents, meanwhile, 
often feel overwhelmed and powerless to counteract 
the constant influence of this marketing on their 
children and to resist their purchase requests.215, 216 
Parents are also targeted by unhealthy food and 
beverage marketing. Packaging and advertisements 
that make nutrition or health claims, leverage 
emotional appeals, emphasize convenience or portray 
products as desirable for children can influence 
parents’ purchasing decisions, even without requests 
from their children.217–219 Our studies of food labels 
on commercially produced complementary foods for 
children aged 6 months to 3 years found that almost 
all sampled products in four countries in Eastern and 
Southern Africa (more than 97 per cent) and seven 
countries in Southeast Asia (more than 98 per cent) 
carried inappropriate nutrition and health claims.220–223
A large body of research has established a clear 
link between the marketing of unhealthy foods 
and beverages and the diets of children and 
adolescents.224–230 Exposure to marketing for sugary 
drinks, salty snacks and fast food influences children’s 
and adolescents’ brand preferences, food preferences 
and choices and increases purchase requests and 
intake. Studies show that the more frequently children 
and adolescents are exposed to such marketing, 
the more likely they are to consume these foods and 
beverages.231–233
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  53
When Aishath, a mother of two in the Maldives, went 
grocery shopping with her children, she heard a 
familiar refrain: “I’ve seen this on TV!” This is how cup 
noodles ended up in her shopping basket that day – 
not because she planned to buy them, but because 
her children had seen them in a colourful television 
advertisement.
In bustling New Delhi, Rakhi has seen how digital 
platforms are reshaping the way adolescents, like 
her daughter, choose what to eat. “You open a food 
delivery app and you have so many options with photos. 
They pick whatever they want, and, with one click, it’s 
done.” 
For Aishath, Rakhi and other parents, the battle over 
what their children eat no longer starts in the kitchen 
– it begins on screens. In today’s hyper-connected 
world, food marketing floods every corner: on 
television, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and TikTok. 
Constant bombardment 
It is not just parents who are feeling the pressure – 
adolescents, too, express frustration at the constant 
barrage of ads they face in their daily lives.
When Dalsey, a 16-year-old from Bani in the 
Dominican Republic, walks through the door after 
a long day, she’s tired and hungry. Like many 
teenagers, she instinctively grabs her phone for a few 
minutes of distraction. But what she finds isn’t just 
entertainment – it’s temptation.
“I start scrolling through Instagram. And all I see is reels 
of hamburgers with melted cheese. And videos featuring 
all kinds of food will keep showing up in my feeds. The 
videos keep coming and coming and coming.”
Unhealthy deals
For Genesis, age 19, also from Bani, the temptation 
often starts with a discount pop-up. “It’s super 
common that you’re browsing, and you’ll see an 
advertisement telling you that X food is 50 per cent off so 
you end up opening the app”, she says.
In Pretoria, South Africa, 19-year-old Lulutho has a 
similar experience. “There’s this delivery app we have 
here, and they’re always sending me notifications about 
deals and discounts”, he says. 
From irresistible discounts to flashy Instagram 
reels, food marketing is a powerful, persuasive force 
– targeting young people around the globe with 
uncanny precision and purpose.
Emotional appeal
What makes these ads so hard to resist? Lulutho has 
given it some thought. Not only are the ads engaging 
and the vibrant packaging enticing, but he also sees 
the emotional pull at play. 
“That’s what a lot of junk food marketing has tapped 
into…they encapsulate an experience and an emotion 
around a specific product. It really grows a culture 
around it, and it makes you want to buy into that 
culture.”
Children and adolescents are especially vulnerable 
to marketing that features their favourite celebrities. 
“Drinks from various brands are flooding the TV and it’s 
their idols in the advertisements”, says Thuy, mother of 
a 13-year-old boy in Hanoi, Viet Nam.
These food ads promise instant joy and belonging, 
turning unhealthy treats into symbols of freedom 
and fun. Adolescents – still forging identities and 
swayed by peer approval – feel this pull intensely. 
Bright visuals, catchy tunes, celebrities and 
influencers create a powerful emotional tug, making 
resistance feel like denying themselves a vital rite of 
adolescence.
The global thread
Whether it is cup noodles on television in the 
Maldives, discount pizzas in the Dominican Republic 
or celebrity-endorsed soda in Viet Nam, one thing 
is clear: children and adolescents across the world 
are growing up in food environments shaped 
by relentless marketing. It is vibrant, engaging, 
emotional, aspirational and dangerously unhealthy.
For parents and young people alike, resisting the 
pull of this persuasive marketing is a daily struggle 
against a global ultra-processed food system that is 
engineered and digitally programmed to win.
SPOTLIGHT 6 
HOW UNHEALTHY FOOD AND BEVERAGE MARKETING IS SHAPING 
CHILDHOODS AROUND THE WORLD: THE VOICES OF CHILDREN, ADOLESCENTS 
AND PARENTS200
54  FEEDING PROFIT
This evidence highlights a pressing need to 
equip children, adolescents and parents with 
critical awareness and media literacy to navigate 
manipulative marketing by the ultra-processed food 
and beverage industry. Social and behaviour change 
strategies can help expose the industry’s tactics and 
dismantle their misleading narratives. Furthermore, 
empowering young people to question and challenge 
the industry’s attempts to control their food choices 
lays the groundwork for youth-led advocacy 
and public demand for stronger legal and policy 
protections.234
Digital marketing gives the ultra-processed 
food and beverage industry unprecedented 
power to target children and adolescents.
With increasing access to digital devices and 
widespread use of online platforms, children and 
adolescents are more exposed than ever to persistent 
and persuasive marketing of unhealthy foods and 
beverages. The ultra-processed food industry and 
food retailers use multiple channels – such as social 
media, video games and food delivery apps – to reach 
and engage children, adolescents and their families.
Our narrative review of the evidence232 and studies 
in middle-income countries (see Spotlight 7),235–241 
together with the global literature,206, 242–244 found 
several factors that explain why digital food marketing 
is uniquely harmful to children and adolescents.
First, it is highly personalized and largely 
invisible. Digital marketing uses algorithms 
and artificial intelligence to collect and analyse 
children’s online behaviours, allowing companies 
to deliver highly personalized and persuasive food 
advertisements. Because digital food marketing to 
children and adolescents is often hidden within private 
feeds, it remains largely invisible to parents. 
Second, it blurs the boundaries between 
entertainment and food advertising. Digital food 
marketing is often embedded in online entertainment 
and social media content via trusted celebrities, 
influencers, advergames, branded viral food challenges 
and peer recommendations. These blurred lines make 
it hard for children and adolescents to recognize that 
they are being subjected to marketing.
Third, it is interactive, engaging and constantly 
accessible. Digital platforms encourage children 
to actively participate in marketing – via hashtags, 
liking, sharing, commenting or playing – making the 
experience interactive, immersive and harder to 
disengage from (see Spotlight 7). With mobile devices 
and multiple platforms – social media, streaming 
services and games – children are constantly exposed 
to the marketing of unhealthy foods and beverages.
Fourth, it is poorly regulated. The majority of 
countries lack mandatory legal measures and policies 
to protect children and families from inappropriate 
digital marketing (see Analysis 4). Even where such 
mandatory measures exist, they are not comprehensive 
and do not adequately hold all actors in the digital 
value chain accountable. 
Fifth, it is associated with nutrient-poor, 
unhealthy diets. There is specific evidence linking 
the digital marketing of unhealthy foods and beverages 
with increased frequency of consumption of these 
products.232, 233, 245
The ability to reach millions of children and adolescents 
at minimal cost – and to secure lifelong consumers 
from an early age – makes digital marketing a highly 
cost-effective strategy. The scale and growth of digital 
marketing efforts by the ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry underscore just how profitable, 
influential and harmful this strategy has become.246 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  55
SPOTLIGHT 7 
EXPOSURE OF CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS TO DIGITAL MARKETING: EVIDENCE 
FROM SIX MIDDLE-INCOME COUNTRIES
Digital food marketing has 
become a powerful driver in the 
promotion of ultra-processed 
foods and beverages, particularly 
in middle-income countries 
where government regulation 
is weak, and where children 
and adolescents are spending 
increasing amounts of time online. 
Through social media platforms, 
food and beverage companies use 
persuasive, interactive and often 
subtle marketing strategies to reach 
young audiences. UNICEF research 
conducted in Argentina, Kenya, 
Indonesia, Mexico, the Philippines 
and Uganda reveals high levels of 
exposure to digital advertising for 
unhealthy foods and beverages, 
along with the use of tactics 
designed to appeal specifically to 
children and adolescents.
In Argentina, children acquire their 
first web-enabled device – such as 
a smartphone, tablet or laptop – 
at around 9 years old.247 UNICEF 
analysed food advertising targeting 
children and adolescents on three 
popular social media platforms 
prior to the approval of the Healthy 
Eating Promotion Law.236 The most 
frequently advertised products 
included cookies, cakes, snacks, 
confectionery and fast food – many 
of which were high in at least one 
nutrient of concern (e.g., sugar or 
salt). Common marketing techniques 
included engagement tactics (e.g., 
hashtags and prompts to like, 
share or comment) and emotionally 
resonant themes, such as fun, family 
and friendship.
In Kenya, more than 26 per cent of 
the population is active on social 
media platforms, with adolescents 
and young people aged 14–20 years 
estimated to spend 2–3 hours on 
social media daily.248–250 A UNICEF 
study exploring digital food 
marketing analysed 137 social media 
posts and found that 88 per cent 
promoted products high in saturated 
fats, sugars and salt that failed to 
meet standards set by WHO for 
marketing to children in the African 
region.251 This digital marketing is 
uniquely tailored to Kenya, uses 
emotionally resonant themes such 
as family bonding, entertainment, 
social status and personal identity 
formation, and exploits adolescents’ 
developmental vulnerabilities.
In Indonesia, internet access 
among adolescents aged 13–18 is 
nearly universal (99 per cent) and 
higher than in all other population 
groups.252 UNICEF analysed 
advertisements of major brands 
of snacks, processed foods, soft 
drinks and fast foods across leading 
social media platforms (Facebook, 
Instagram and Twitter).240 Marketers 
used a wide range of techniques, 
including branded content, stickers, 
geotags, hashtags, emotional and 
playful appeals and promotional 
offers. Images of children, 
adolescents and adults were often 
used to enhance relatability. Of the 
20 brands reviewed, 85 per cent 
promoted products that exceeded 
WHO-recommended thresholds for 
nutrients of concern.
In Mexico, 60 per cent of children 
aged 6–11 years and 90 per cent of 
adolescents aged 12–17 years are 
internet users.253 UNICEF assessed 
their exposure to food and beverage 
marketing during recreational screen 
time.239 Nearly 70 per cent of children 
and adolescents encountered 
food advertisements within just 
45 minutes online, averaging 2.7 
exposures per hour – equivalent 
to 47 per week and over 2,400 
annually. More than 90 per cent 
of the advertised products failed 
to meet nutritional standards for 
marketing to children. Frequently 
used marketing techniques 
included brand characters, celebrity 
endorsements and competitions, 
all of which are highly appealing to 
young audiences. 
In the Philippines, 78 per cent of 
the population actively uses social 
media.254 UNICEF examined digital 
food marketing to children on 
popular social media platforms.255 
Despite a general dislike for 
advertising, children expressed 
enjoyment of food-related content 
– especially for burgers, pizza, 
fried chicken, doughnuts and 
instant noodles. Of the 1,035 food 
advertisements analysed, 99 per 
cent promoted products that did not 
meet WHO standards for marketing 
to children. Most advertisements 
portrayed unhealthy foods as fun, 
tasty, family-oriented, physically 
energizing and even healthy. 
Influencers played a key role, 
using taste tests, challenges and 
sponsorships to engage audiences, 
while one in five ads featured Filipino 
sporting and media celebrities. 
In Uganda, 28 per cent of the 
population uses the internet and 5 
per cent use social media.256 Children 
typically first use the internet at 13 
years of age; eight in ten children 
use internet-enabled mobile phones, 
primarily to share images on social 
media.257 UNICEF analysis of 233 
social media posts revealed that 97 
per cent promoted unhealthy foods 
high in sugar, fat or salt, which is not 
permitted according to the standards 
set by the WHO for marketing to 
children in the African region.258 One-
third of posts showcased brands, 
not specific products, bypassing 
regulatory approaches that focus 
on nutrient profiling individual 
products. Marketing strategies relied 
heavily on emotional appeals such 
as taste, fun, peer relationships and 
aspirational lifestyles.
56  FEEDING PROFIT
ANALYSIS 3.
The unethical practices of the ultra-
processed food and beverage industry 
undermine government action and exploit 
children, even in times of crisis
The dominance of ultra-processed foods and 
beverages in children’s food environments reflects 
deliberate industry strategies. Motivated largely 
by profit maximization, the business practices of 
the ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
undermine efforts to protect child nutrition 
and public health. These unethical practices are 
extremely widespread, even impacting those 
affected by humanitarian crises.
The ultra-processed food and beverage 
industry obstructs and subverts 
government action to improve children’s 
food environments and diets
Comprehensive, national, mandatory legal measures 
and policies can shape healthier food environments 
for children. But these measures clash directly with 
the ultra-processed food and beverage industry’s 
core objectives – to expand its market, maximize 
profit and meet shareholder demands.259–261
The ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
comprises a complex web of actors that together 
shape food environments – powerful transnational 
corporations, food processing and packaging firms, 
retailers, food service chains, meal delivery services, 
marketing firms and industry trade associations.261, 262 
In addition, the industry funds think-tanks, academic 
institutions and front groups – entities that are made 
to appear independent, but which covertly promote 
their interests.261–264 The industry’s global network 
shows that a small number of powerful corporations 
are at the core, which coordinate the activities 
of affiliated organizations and interest groups 
worldwide (Figure 26).262
This vast interconnected industry, with its high 
market concentration, has considerable economic 
power and influence.126 Ultra-processed products 
generate much greater profits than other foods and 
beverages due to low-cost or subsidized ingredients, 
additives that extend shelf-life and aggressive 
marketing.198, 260 Trade and investment liberalization 
has further amplified this profitability and power by 
reducing tariffs, eliminating quotas, encouraging 
foreign direct investment, granting legal protections 
and constraining national regulatory action.265, 266
Across the globe, the industry leverages its power 
and influence to out-manoeuvre governments 
and resist meaningful policy change.126, 261 Our 
study across 24 countries found that 70 per cent of 
government officials and civil society representatives 
reported that industry influence is a major barrier 
to introducing government-led food marketing 
controls.267 As described in Spotlight 8, the industry 
uses a mix tactics to delay, weaken, block and evade 
government policies to improve children’s food 
environments and diets.86, 268–277
However, valuable strategies have emerged across 
a range of country contexts for addressing industry 
opposition to and interference in government 
policies.269–272, 278 Crucially, international and national 
policy processes must be insulated from industry 
influence by establishing clear conflict-of-interest 
safeguards and empowering governments and civil 
society to resist corporate interference. International 
organizations must also lead by example.279 UNICEF 
has issued guidance280 that clearly states its 
principles for engaging with the industry across all 
programmes (see Box 7); however, unified efforts 
are needed across all international organizations 
concerned with upholding children’s food and 
nutrition rights. 
There is also a pressing need to address the 
considerable economic and political influence of the 
ultra-processed food and beverage industry. This 
includes redirecting agricultural subsidies for crops 
that make ultra-processed foods disproportionately 
cheap (such as corn, soy and wheat) to support 
healthier diets.114, 281 In addition, international trade 
and investment agreements that favour corporate 
profit over children’s food and nutrition rights must 
be re-evaluated and reformed.265, 266
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  57
2030 WRG
Abbott
AND
Adani
ADVAN
RVD
ABG
AATF
AGCO
Agrarfrost
Agristo
Ahold Delhaize
AIM-PF CGF
AJE
Ajinomoto
ALDI
AGRA
CEO CL WEF
ABA
AmCham Egypt
AmCham China
AmCham HK
AmCham EU
AECA
AFFI
AmRedCross
ASN
Andros
AB InBev
AOAC
ADM
Arla
Asahi Group
APIYCNA
AEA
MexBeb
ANDA
ANDA Columbia
ANAES
ANDA Chile
ASCHOCO
ANDI
APPINA
ABIA 
ABIR
ABA Brazil
APAN
Associated British Foods
ANIA
AAI
ACA
CAOBISCO
VNFKD
ANA
APPNIA
SWA - ASA
August Storck
AANA
AFGC
Aviko
B20
BA Sports Nutrition
Barilla
Barry Callebaut
BASF
Bayer
BI - Gen Mills
BOI
Bernard Michaud
BP USDeptEnergy
BIER
BMGF
Blount Fine Foods
Blue Bell Creameries
Bonsucro
Britannia
BNF
BSNA
Britvic
BAA
Bunge
BIAC
BCTA
BFP
B4IG
BfN
BSR
bvA
Calbee
CCC
CAA
CAP
CAU
CANILEC
Campbell's
CNS
Capri Sun
Cargill
Carrefour
Casa Tarradellas
CSE
CEO WM
Cepas Argentinas
cpw
CERES
PCFMI
ChemChina
CFBAI
Huiyuan Juice
Mengniu Dairy
COFCO Intl
Chiquita
Lindt & Sprüngli
Chr. Hansen
CEFLEX
CC
CJ Corp
CA 100+
CNH Industries
Coca-Cola
CIUS
ConAgra
Consan Group
CEBDS
Consorcio Aga
CBA
CGCSA
CGF
CFA
CLG EU
Corteva Agriscience
CRN
CropLife
CulEU
CSZV
Dabur
DII
Danone
DAOM
Dean Foods
Deoleo
Subway
Domino's Pizza
Dongwon
Dow
DuPont
Dydo Drinco
Dynamic Brands
EAT
EIT Food
Essentia Water
TULI
EUPledge
EU SFI
FEDIOL
EU CPA
EU-ABC
Euroglaces
EAPF
Eucolait
EBB
AIM
CEEREAL
ECPA
ECTA
ECF
EU B@B Platform
EDA
EFF
EUFIC
EFLA
AIJN
EUROPEN
EPAA
FEDIAF
EPP
EUPPA
ERT.EU
ESA 
EUTECA
EUCCC
EUWP (UNGlobCpt)
ERI
DIÄTVERBAND
FICCI
FNLI
Ferrero
FtM
Flowers Foods
Fonterra
FHCP
FAA
FDF UK
ABChile
FOLU
FFG-LD
FF-NASEM
FIA
FMI 
FReSH
FRAC
FDE
CGF - FPC
ForumforAg
FIFS
Fr of EU
Fuji Baking Co
Fujian Dali Group
GB Foods
General Mills
GAIN
GBI
GFSI
GPAP
GPAC
GSA
GSCP
Greenyard
GAM
Grow Asia
Grupo Bimbo
Haribo
HarvestPlus
HNC
HWCF
HelloFresh
Herbalife
Hero
Hershey
HCSA
Hormel Foods
H.G. Buffett Foundation
HRC
IDH STI
Indofood
IFA
INC
INCA
Ingredion
Yili
ILEC France
IAFNS
IFT
ICARE
Interel
IAFP 
ICBA
IDFA
IFF
IFBA
IFIC
ILSI Brasil
ILSI EUR
ILSI Global
ILSI INDIA
ILSI JAP
ILSI KOR
ILSI MSA ILSI NORA
ILSI SEA
ILSI TWN
ISDI
ISA
Intersnack
ISBA
IMA
ITO EN
Simplot
JAA
JBS
JDB Group
The JM Smucker Co
John Deere
Kellogg
KERRY
Keurig Dr Pepper
Kewpie
Kikkoman
Kirin
Kraft Heinz
Kroger
Kubota
Lactalis
Lamb Weston
Land O' Lakes
Landmark
Lantmännen
Link Snacks
Lotte
Louis Dreyfus Company
MAA
Maple Leaf
MAZ
MASA
MF
Mars
Mattoni 1873
McCain Foods
McCormick
McDonald's
McKee
MNI
Meiji
ConMexico
Mitr Phol Sugar
MMA
Mondelez
Monsanto
MA
MCBG
Nagatanien
ANDI
National Beverage Corp
NCA
NRA
NCSA
NMWE
Nature's Path
Nestlé
NVA WEF
Nichols Plc
Nissin Foods
Nomad Foods
NongShim
Nordzucker
Novozymes
Nutrien
ORTNAS
Ocean Conservancy
Ocean Spray
Oetker-Gruppe
Olam Int
OP2B
GBA (formally OFII)
OWM
Orkla
Ornua
Otsuka
PAS
PBC
Parle Agro
Parle Products
Patanjali Ayurved
PNMA
PepsiCo
Perfetti Van Melle
PANA
Pladis
Polar Beverages
PBC GU
Post Holdings
QBPC
Reckitt Benckiser
Red Bull
RAC
rbi
RIMBA
RIPON
Rockefeller Foundation
Roquette
RTRS
RSPO
Royal DSM
FrieslandCampina
Rusbrand
Saputo
Savola
SUN
Schwan's Company
Schwarz
SBTi
SE
Shikishima Baking
Sigma Alimentos
Sinde
SZZV
SOZ
SME CH
SNAC Intl.
SOFOFA
SEAP
SNE
Starbucks
Sudzucker
Suntory
SAI Platform
SustBrds
SustFLab
SFPA
SMI ATF
SA
SANI
SFNV
Symrise
Syngenta
Tate & Lyle
TCP
Tereos
Tesco
ThaiBev
AmCham Vietnam
CFI
COPAL
CSR Europe
TGF
theGROUP
ISA
Mosaic
TSC
TWGC
TFF
TiFN
Tiger Brands
Ting Hsin Intl
Toyo Suisan
TPN
TFA WEF
TU FNII
Tyson
USCIB
USGLC
USPP
UNESDA 
Unilever
UDM
Unione ITL Food
Uni-President
ABA
UNFSS
UN GC
USAID
UW
Upfield
Walmart
W4W
We Are Still In 
WH Group
Wilmar Intl
Wings Corp
WBCSD
WEF
WEC
WFA
WFP
WWF
WFPF
Yamazaki
Yara Int
Yum! Brands, Inc.
ZN
FIGURE 26: The ultra-processed food and beverage industry’s global network of corporations, affiliated organizations and 
interest groups
Source: Reproduced with permission from Slater, Scott et al., ‘Corporate interest groups and their implications for global food governance: Mapping and analysing the global corpo­
rate influence network of the transnational ultra-processed food industry’, Globalization and Health, vol. 20, no.1, February 2024, art. 16.
Notes: The lines represent the links between ultra-processed food corporations and the lobby groups and other affiliated organizations across the network. Circle size is propor­
tionate to the number of ‘links’ with others in the network, showing that a small number of corporations are central to coordinating activities across the network. White circles – 
ultra-processed food corporations, including manufacturers, ingredients suppliers and distributors; purple circles – branding and advertising associations; yellow circles – general 
business and trade associations; green circles – food manufacturing and retail associations; light grey circles – primary production, processing and ingredients associations; red 
circles – corporate funded sustainability, corporate social responsibility and multi-stakeholder initiatives organizations; blue circles – corporate funded research and science commu­
nication organizations; brown circles – other; dark green circles – lobbying, legal and public relations firms; dark grey circles – specialized nutrition and baby food associations; light 
blue circles – general food industry associations. 
58  FEEDING PROFIT
SPOTLIGHT 8
TACTICS USED BY THE ULTRA-PROCESSED FOOD AND BEVERAGE INDUSTRY TO 
CHALLENGE GOVERNMENT POLICIES AND LEGAL MEASURES
The ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
frequently interferes with public policy to protect 
its commercial interests, often at the expense of 
children’s nutrition and health. Through lobbying, 
misinformation and legal threats, the industry delays, 
weakens or blocks regulations aimed at improving 
nutrition, reducing harmful consumption and 
promoting healthier food environments for all. This 
Spotlight summarizes evidence on some of the main 
tactics used by the industry.86, 268–276
DELAY: Slow down policy action
•	 Demand excessive evidence, even when scientific 
consensus exists, and longer consultation periods 
to stall regulatory processes.
•	 Promote industry-led self-regulation, such as 
non-binding guidelines on advertising or labelling 
instead of mandatory policies.
•	 Influence global standard-setting bodies, such as 
Codex Alimentarius or World Trade Organization 
committees, to challenge public health regulations.
DILUTE: Weaken the impact of policies
•	 Lobby for less effective legislation, such as weaker 
taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages, loopholes 
in labelling laws, limited marketing restrictions or 
voluntary measures.
•	 Shape technical standards or enforcement rules to 
ensure policies are vague, poorly enforced or easy 
to circumvent. 
•	 Push for long transition periods and exemptions for 
certain products or companies, reducing immediate 
policy impact.
DEFLECT: Shift blame away from the industry
•	 Promote claims that overweight and obesity are 
due to individual lifestyle choices (e.g., unhealthy 
dietary choices, low physical activity), and that the 
industry desires to be ‘part of the solution’. 
•	 Frame ultra-processed foods and beverages as part 
of a ‘balanced diet’ and promote ‘healthier’ versions 
(e.g., products with added vitamins or reduced 
sugar) to forestall stronger regulation.
•	 Protect industry’s reputation and legitimize its 
presence in policy discussions through corporate 
washing (e.g., corporate social responsibility and 
association with social causes). 
DIVIDE: Exploit policy and stakeholder 
fragmentation
•	 Create divisions among policymakers (e.g., health 
versus trade ministries) to stall or block cohesive 
action.
•	 Pit countries against each other in trade 
negotiations or standards-setting bodies.
•	 Encourage fragmentation within civil society and 
scientific communities to dilute opposition.
DENY: Challenge the evidence and silence critics
•	 Fund biased research and enlist academics to 
support industry views, while delegitimizing 
independent evidence on the risks of ultra-
processed foods and beverages.
•	 Use legal threats to intimidate governments, 
researchers, health professionals and advocates, 
and silence dissent by accusing regulators of bias 
and discrediting experts.
•	 Drown out criticism through industry-backed media 
campaigns, sponsored think-tanks and counter-
campaigns. 
DISTRACT: Create noise and false debate
•	 Establish front groups and grassroots coalitions 
that appear independent but advance corporate 
positions.
•	 Use trade and economic arguments to frame public 
health policies as threats to jobs, small businesses 
or economic growth.
•	 Misrepresent the scope or intent of policies to stir 
public resistance (e.g., ‘nanny state’ criticisms to 
portray government policy action as interference in 
free choice).
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  59
BOX 7
UNICEF PROGRAMME GUIDANCE ON ENGAGING WITH THE FOOD AND 
BEVERAGE INDUSTRY
UNICEF recognizes the significant positive 
impact that the food and beverage industry 
can play in improving access to nutritious and 
healthy foods for children and their families. 
For example, the industry has substantial 
expertise in technology, research, innovation 
and supply chain efficiencies that can 
enhance the availability of nutritious, safe, 
affordable and sustainable first foods and 
food supplements for young children and 
fortified staple foods for children and their 
families.282, 283
However, the product portfolios, marketplace 
practices and lobbying activities of a subset 
of powerful actors in the food and beverage 
industry – whose primary business model is 
the production, distribution, marketing and 
retailing of UPF – are of concern.
UNICEF’s engagement on and with the food 
and beverage industry is based in child rights 
and driven by the principle that the best 
interests of the child must be the primary 
consideration. The UNICEF Programme 
Guidance on Engaging with the Food and 
Beverage Industry sets out  the following 
10 parameters for engagement, which are 
applied as a minimum common standard for 
all UNICEF programming areas and contexts, 
including in development, fragile and 
humanitarian settings.280
1.	 UNICEF’s primary strategy to transform food systems 
for children is to strengthen public policy.
2.	 UNICEF will continue to engage responsibly with 
selected food and beverage industries on better foods 
for children.
3.	 UNICEF will engage with selected food and beverage 
retailers on improving children’s food environments 
and diets.
4.	 UNICEF will continue to advocate for the food and 
beverage industry not to be included in public policy 
making.
5.	 UNICEF will continue to avoid all partnerships with food 
and beverage industries that violate the International 
Code of Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes and 
subsequent World Health Assembly resolutions.
6.	 UNICEF will not engage in partnerships, branded and/
or funded interactions with ultra-processed food 
industries.
7.	 UNICEF will not include Code violators and ultra-
processed food and beverage industries in UNICEF-led 
business platforms.
8.	 UNICEF will engage responsibly with multi-stakeholder 
platforms involving the food and beverage industry.
9.	 UNICEF will engage responsibly with the food and 
beverage industry in humanitarian response.
10.	UNICEF Programme Group leads UNICEF programmatic 
engagement with the food and beverage industry.
The ultra-processed food and beverage 
industry exploits public health crises and 
humanitarian crises for market growth
The ultra-processed food and beverage industry 
is highly resilient in times of crisis.284 During the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the industry swiftly expanded 
its reach across low- and middle-income countries, 
capitalizing on the widespread disruption of food 
supply chains.284, 285 As lockdowns and supply chain 
breakdowns limited access to fresh food, multinational 
food corporations moved in to fill the void – 
positioning their packaged snacks, instant meals 
and sugary drinks not only as essential products, 
but as legitimate relief items.284, 285 In doing so, they 
cultivated a public image as indispensable actors in 
managing the crisis.
Under the guise of corporate social responsibility, 
these companies donated branded ultra-processed 
foods to vulnerable low-income populations, including 
children and adolescents, in settings already 
grappling with nutrient-poor, unhealthy diets and 
child overweight and obesity.284, 285 Companies also 
gave substantial financial contributions to boost 
their public image and gain social legitimacy. These 
60  FEEDING PROFIT
highly publicized donations blurred the line between 
humanitarian support and strategic brand marketing, 
offering companies both visibility and credibility 
under the banner of philanthropy (see Spotlight 9).
At the same time, the ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry intensified digital marketing during 
the pandemic, capitalizing on the sharp increase in 
screen time during lockdowns – particularly among 
children unable to attend school.284, 285 Qualitative 
analysis of social media posts – including our study 
in Uruguay (see Spotlight 10) – revealed that the 
industry used emotionally charged messaging 
linking comfort, resilience and solidarity to the 
consumption of unhealthy products.284, 285 In some 
cases, it advertised products as immunity boosters or 
aligned its advertising with public health messaging 
on COVID-19 preventive measures, such as social 
distancing, to reinforce its image as a socially 
responsible actor.284, 285 Together, these tactics 
proved effective: sales of products rose across low- 
and middle-income countries during and following 
the pandemic.86 
Industry actors also used the pandemic as an 
opportunity to delay or weaken policies meant to 
protect children and families from their products. 
In several low- and middle-income countries, 
planned policies such as front-of-pack food labels 
and sugar taxes were paused or weakened under 
the pretext of addressing economic hardship and 
food insecurity.284, 285 For example, ultra-processed 
food companies attempted to delay implementation 
of new front-of-pack labelling laws during the peak 
of the pandemic in Mexico, and were successful in 
lobbying for a one-year extension of the deadline for 
implementing the printed octagons on the front-of-
pack food labels in Peru.274, 287, 288 
SPOTLIGHT 9
CORPORATE CAPTURE IN SCHOOLS: HOW FOOD INDUSTRY PARTNERSHIPS 
UNDERMINE CHILD NUTRITION IN SOUTH AFRICA
A recent UNICEF analysis has raised serious concerns 
about the growing influence of multinational 
food and beverage companies in public schools in 
South Africa through their partnerships with the 
Department of Basic Education.286
The analysis reviewed partnerships between five 
major food and beverage companies and the 
Department of Basic Education, of which four are 
governed by memoranda of understanding. While 
the companies publicly position their involvement 
as support to the Government’s National School 
Nutrition Programme, these partnerships prioritize 
corporate interests over children’s nutrition 
and health.
Presented as corporate social responsibility, the 
partnerships have enabled the distribution of ultra-
processed foods and beverages in schools, built 
brand loyalty among young learners and sustained 
corporate presence in public education spaces. 
Seven out of ten breakfast items donated by these 
companies contain excessive sugar, salt or artificial 
additives – making them inappropriate for marketing 
to children, let alone serving in schools. 
Yet such donations qualify companies for tax 
deductions, in some cases worth millions of South 
African Rand. Over time, these partnerships have 
granted companies significant control over media 
exposure, programme content and school access. 
This dynamic exemplifies a form of corporate capture, 
where companies exert disproportionate influence 
over public systems – often in the absence of clear 
regulatory frameworks. In this case, the National 
School Nutrition Programme lacks formal guidelines 
to govern corporate involvement, leaving schools 
and students vulnerable to marketing disguised as 
nutrition support.
Meanwhile, these public–private partnerships 
bolster corporate reputation, help meet 
governance compliance obligations and appeal 
to socially responsible investors by showcasing 
their involvement in ‘nutrition’ and ‘sustainable’ 
initiatives. In effect, companies profit on multiple 
fronts: financially, politically and reputationally, 
while simultaneously contributing to unhealthy food 
environments in schools.
This pattern of crisis capitalism is not new. Beyond 
the pandemic, the ultra-processed food and beverage 
industry has repeatedly used humanitarian crises to 
build brand image, expand markets and even offload 
products that are close to expiry.289 For example, 
McDonalds launched a campaign to donate a portion 
of sales from its meals to assist those affected by 
floods in South Africa in 2022, while the World Instant 
Noodle Association “donates instant noodles as 
emergency rations to people in disaster-hit areas”, 
including earthquakes in Morocco, Türkiye and the 
Syrian Arab Republic in 2023.290, 291 Donations during 
humanitarian crises normalize the distribution of 
ultra-processed foods and beverages to vulnerable 
populations and are widely publicized online by the 
FIGURE 27: 
Frequency of 
messaging among 
Facebook posts that 
made direct 
references to 
COVID-19, Uruguay, 
2020
% 0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
Encouraging messages
Commitment of brand
to accompany customers
Descriptions of
charitable work
Tips for coping
with quarantine
References to taking
care of each other
Proposals of activities
to do at home
Prevention measures
65
36
25
8
6
6
6
companies or their associations, positioning them as 
benevolent actors and masking their primary profit-
making objectives.
In an increasingly fragile world, marked by conflict, 
climate shocks and economic instability, the ultra-
processed food and beverage industry will continue to 
exploit crises unless stronger public health safeguards 
are put in place. To respond to these concerns, the 
Healthy Caribbean Coalition developed guidelines 
to guide donations from the commercial food sector 
during humanitarian crises.292 These efforts represent 
an important step towards closing this policy blind 
spot and protecting vulnerable populations from 
exploitative corporate practices.
SPOTLIGHT 10 
COVID-WASHING OF ULTRA-PROCESSED FOODS AND BEVERAGES: EVIDENCE FROM 
DIGITAL MARKETING IN URUGUAY 
In 2020, UNICEF examined how 
companies used Facebook to 
market ultra-processed foods 
and beverages during the first 
four months of the COVID-19 
pandemic in Uruguay.293 Of 1,749 
total posts across 135 Facebook 
brand accounts, 35 per cent made 
direct references to COVID-19, 
social distancing measures or their 
consequences (Figure 27). Two-thirds 
(65 per cent) of the posts referenced 
COVID-19 prevention measures, 
such as social distancing and staying 
at home. About one-third (36 per 
cent) suggested at-home activities, 
often framed as part of a healthy 
lifestyle. Some posts encouraged 
the consumption of ultra-processed 
foods and beverages after exercise 
or featured simple recipes using 
ultra-processed foods to associate 
them with home-made meals. 
About 12 per cent of posts 
highlighted either the brand’s 
charitable actions, such as 
food donations to civil society 
organizations, or their efforts to 
ensure continued food availability 
during the pandemic. Tracking 
these food donations through 
the social media accounts of 
these organizations revealed 
that the items were consumed by 
vulnerable children.
These findings show just how 
quickly ultra-processed food 
companies adapted their digital 
marketing strategies to use the 
pandemic to strengthen their brand 
image and position ultra-processed 
foods and beverages in a positive 
light. By aligning their marketing 
with public health messaging and 
social support, they were able to 
appear caring and community-
focused – even while advertising 
products that are often linked to 
poor nutrition and health outcomes.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  61
62  FEEDING PROFIT
ANALYSIS 4.
Inadequate legal measures and policies 
enable the ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry to manipulate children’s 
food environments
Mandatory national legal measures and policies 
are vital to creating food environments that protect 
children and adolescents from unhealthy foods and 
beverages. Such measures also create a level playing 
field among competitors within the ultra-processed 
food industry and shield them from shareholder and 
investor pressure to prioritize short-term profits over 
children’s rights. Yet, no governments have enacted 
a comprehensive and coherent set of mandatory 
measures, allowing the ultra-processed food and 
beverage industry to continue shaping children’s food 
environments to its advantage. 
No country has a comprehensive set of 
mandatory legal measures and policies 
to protect children from unhealthy food 
environments 
There is no single legal measure or policy that acts 
as a ‘silver bullet’ for improving children’s food 
environments. A set of complementary, coherent 
and mandatory legal measures and policy measures 
is needed that together influence the availability, 
accessibility, affordability and desirability of foods and 
beverages for children and their families.98, 99
Using global datasets, we examined the status of 202 
countries and areas for a set of 10 legal measures 
and policies spanning breastfeeding and first foods, 
school food environments, marketing to children, 
food reformulation, food labelling, food subsidies 
FIGURE 28: Percentage of countries with mandatory legal measures or policies to protect children from unhealthy 
food environments, by country income status
Note: See Annex 2 for the set of policies and sources of data. The Code refers to the International Code of Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes and subsequent 
World Health Assembly resolutions. 
Low-income
Lower-middle-income
Upper-middle-income
High-income
Global
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
Legal measures substantially
aligned with the Code
Legal measures related to the Code 
include complementary foods
Restrictions on nutrients, 
ingredients or categories of 
concern  in school meals
Restrictions on other food and 
beverages sold at school
Regulation of food
advertising to children through 
television and radio
Regulation of food advertising to 
children through digital media
Food reformulation to
 reduce trans fat
Front-of-pack 
food labelling
Price subsidies 
for healthy foods
Taxation of foods and 
sugar-sweetened beverages
%
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  63
and taxation (Figure 28).294 While this set does not 
encompass all necessary measures, the analysis 
provides insight into current progress worldwide. 
Only mandatory measures were considered because 
research has consistently shown that voluntary 
measures are considerably less effective.295–298
The results reveal widespread policy inaction. 
Fewer than one in ten countries have mandatory 
regulations for marketing to children through digital 
platforms (3 per cent), television or radio (6 per 
cent), front-of-pack labelling (7 per cent), or food 
subsidies that make healthy food more affordable 
(8 per cent) (Figure 28). Only 16 per cent of countries 
have national legal measures that are substantially 
aligned with the International Code of Marketing 
of Breast-milk Substitutes and subsequent World 
Health Assembly resolutions (the ‘Code’). Just 18 per 
cent have mandatory nutrition standards for school 
meals and 24 per cent have mandatory restrictions 
on the sale of other foods and beverages in schools, 
while 19 per cent have national taxes for both 
unhealthy foods and sugar-sweetened beverages. 
Slightly better – but still underwhelming – are 
mandatory policies for food reformulation to reduce 
trans-fat (39 per cent) and Code-related measures on 
complementary foods (43 per cent). 
Comparing country income groups, low-income and 
lower-middle-income countries are more likely to 
have Code-related policies and national taxation of 
unhealthy foods and sugar-sweetened beverages, 
while upper-middle-income and high-income 
countries tend to lead on school food policies, food 
reformulation to reduce trans-fat and front-of-pack 
labelling. Mandatory legal measures or policies on 
food marketing to children through television, radio 
and digital media are abysmally rare across all country 
income groupings. 
This analysis shows that governments are not fulfilling 
their obligations to adopt these mandatory legal 
measures and policies to address nutrient-poor, 
unhealthy diets and overweight and obesity among 
children. Not a single country has adopted all 10 
legal measures or policies and a staggering 88 per 
cent of countries have implemented three or fewer 
of them. A major driver of this widespread inaction is 
the persistent interference and influence of the ultra-
processed food and beverage industry (see Analysis 3).
64  FEEDING PROFIT
Other studies have shown that policy and programme 
approaches are skewed towards individual lifestyle 
factors, such as nutrition education or counselling 
on dietary practices and physical activity, rather than 
addressing unhealthy food environments.299–301
The lack of effective legal measures and policies leaves 
countries woefully unprepared to safeguard children and 
adolescents from harmful food environments. Further 
delays in effective policy action will only allow the drivers 
of nutrient-poor, unhealthy diets to become more deeply 
entrenched and more challenging to reverse.
With determined action, governments can 
implement effective mandatory measures to 
improve food environments for children 
While many countries struggle to introduce mandatory 
legal measures and policies to improve children’s diets, 
there are encouraging examples that prove progress is 
possible across low-, middle- and high-income settings 
(see Spotlight 11). 
However, isolated measures are insufficient. To achieve 
lasting improvements in children’s food environments, 
governments must adopt a comprehensive set of 
mutually reinforcing, mandatory legal measures and 
policies. Spotlight 12 outlines how Chile, Mexico and Brazil 
have each introduced a suite of measures – pioneering 
front-of-pack food labels, restricting food marketing 
to children and reshaping school food environments, 
while specifically targeting ultra-processed foods and 
beverages.
These country successes share several common factors 
that are essential for the development, defence and 
implementation of mandatory measures:270–272
•	
Independent, locally relevant evidence. The 
experience in Latin America shows the importance of 
local research institutions in generating independent, 
locally relevant evidence and contextualizing global 
evidence to local realities. The Instituto Nacional de 
Salud Pública in Mexico and the Instituto de Nutrición 
y Tecnología de los Alimentos in Chile not only 
provided the evidence for policies, such as sugar-
sweetened beverage taxes and adoption of front-of-
package warning labels, but also strengthened public 
debate and helped governments withstand strong 
industry opposition.302–304
•	
Robust policy design. Legal measures and policies 
must be comprehensive, mandatory, enforceable and 
free from loopholes, aligned with political realities 
and supported by independent evidence that is free 
from conflicts of interest. For example, in Chile 
and Mexico, synergies between mandatory front-
of-pack labels, restrictions on food marketing 
and school food regulations, created a stronger, 
more coherent suite of policies for healthy food 
environments.302, 303
•	
Government-led, multisectoral collaboration. 
Effective policy reforms require coordination 
across ministries – health, education, finance, trade 
and agriculture – along with engagement from 
researchers and advocacy groups. For example, 
while the National Treasury led the process to 
design a sugar-sweetened beverage tax in South 
Africa, it was enabled by the Ministry of Health’s 
strategic plan for the prevention and control of 
non-communicable diseases and evidence from 
academics and civil society.272
•	
Broad base of support. Civil society 
organizations, media campaigns and international 
bodies, such as UNICEF and WHO, play a vital 
role in mobilizing public demand and ensuring 
accountability for protecting children’s nutrition 
rights. For example, in Mexico, public relations 
campaigns organized by civil society organizations 
generated public demand for taxes on sugar-
sweetened beverages.305 
In addition, young people also have a crucial role 
in championing healthier food environments in 
their schools, communities and nations.306 Fix My 
Food is youth-led advocacy movement, currently 
active in 18 countries worldwide, that empowers 
young people to recognize the exploitative 
tactics of the ultra-processed food industry and 
advocate for policy reform to create healthier food 
environments.307
•	
Preparedness for industry pushback. 
Governments, academia and civil society must 
anticipate and resist industry interference during 
policy development and implementation, when 
backsliding can occur. Transparency mechanisms 
and conflict-of-interest safeguards are essential 
to protect public health. For example, in Chile, 
policymakers expected resistance and proactively 
engaged experts, civil society and legal advisers to 
defend reforms.302, 308
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  65
Across the globe, countries are taking bold steps to 
improve children’s food environments. The following 
examples highlight successful government action 
to implement policies that help children and their 
families access healthier diets.
Breastfeeding protection in Sierra Leone: To 
safeguard breastfeeding and support further progress 
in strengthening breastfeeding, as well as to combat 
high levels of formula marketing, Sierra Leone’s 
parliament enacted the Breastmilk Substitutes Act 
in July 2021. The Act is substantially aligned with 
the International Code of Marketing of Breast-milk 
Substitutes and subsequent World Health Assembly 
resolutions, and is one of the strongest in the world, 
scoring 99 points out of a possible 100.309
Complementary feeding protection in Lebanon: 
Lebanon’s law on Organizing the Marketing of Infant 
and Young Child Feeding Products and Tools bans the 
promotion of commercial complementary foods for 
children under 3 years of age.310 It also bans health 
and nutrition claims on commercial complementary 
foods and restricts cross-promotion with breastmilk 
substitutes, in alignment with World Health Assembly 
resolution 69.9. In addition, it mandates that labels 
carry messages supporting continued breastfeeding 
and appropriate complementary feeding. 
School food environments in Spain: The Royal Decree 
for Healthy and Sustainable School Canteens, a national 
regulation effective since September 2025, requires all 
schools with lunch services to provide healthy meals.311 
The regulation mandates daily fruit and vegetables, 
fish one to three times weekly, vegetarian options and 
free access to water, and promotes seasonal produce, 
legumes and whole grains. It also bans the sale of 
foods and beverages containing sugar, saturated fat, 
trans-fat and salt above specified limits and restricts the 
provision of fried foods and pre-cooked meals. 
Food marketing to children in Chile: The Food 
Labelling and Advertising Law restricts the marketing 
of unhealthy foods and beverages to children under 14 
years of age. Products high in sugar, sodium, saturated 
fat or calories that carry warning labels are banned 
from advertising on television, radios and in cinemas 
between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m., in newspapers, in schools 
and through child-targeted digital marketing (including 
websites, apps and social media). Use of child-directed 
marketing hooks, such as toys or incentives, are also 
banned. Research shows that these measures reduce 
children’s exposure to unhealthy food advertising 
and reduce purchases of unhealthy foods and 
beverages.312–314
Food reformulation to eliminate trans-fats in India: 
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India 
progressively reduced permitted trans-fat levels in 
the food supply. In 2022, this culminated in a national 
mandatory 2 per cent limit for industrial trans-fats in 
edible oils and fats, including those present in food 
products, making India the first lower-middle-income 
country to implement WHO’s recommended best-
practice policy to limit trans-fats.315 This policy provides 
protection from the harmful impacts of trans-fats to 
approximately 1.4 billion people.
Food labelling in Latin American countries: Chile 
pioneered the use of front-of-pack hexagonal warning 
labels in 2016, introducing bold black signs to alert 
consumers when products are high in sugar, sodium, 
saturated fats or calories. The policy has been 
associated with a reduction in the purchase of sugar-
sweetened beverages and regulated foods and has 
prompted product reformulation to reduce sugar and 
salt content.314, 316–318 Following Chile’s lead, several 
countries – including Argentina, Mexico, Peru and 
Uruguay – adopted similar front-of-pack food labelling 
systems, building on the lessons learned. 
Food subsidies in Fiji: Fiji introduced targeted food 
subsidies, together with other food-related strategies, 
to promote nutritious and healthy diets and combat 
diet-related non-communicable diseases. In 2013, the 
Government removed import taxes on all imported 
vegetables and lowered import duties on locally-grown 
fruit, such as bananas, mangoes and pineapples. In 
the years following the introduction of these food 
subsidies, the volume of vegetables and fruit imported 
to Fiji increased.319
Sugar-sweetened beverage tax in South Africa: 
South Africa enacted the Health Promotion Levy on 
sugar-sweetened beverages in 2018 to reduce sugar 
intake, obesity and diet-related non-communicable 
diseases. The tax, which amounts to 10 per cent to 
11 per cent of the beverage price, reduced beverage 
purchases by about 29 per cent, lowered their 
sugar content by about 51 per cent (as the industry 
reformulated products) and raised ZAR5.8 billion 
(US$319 million) in the first two years.320, 321 
SPOTLIGHT 11
COUNTRY SUCCESS IN IMPLEMENTING POLICIES TO STRENGTHEN FOOD 
ENVIRONMENTS FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  65
66  FEEDING PROFIT
Brazil
In 2014, the Ministry of Health published the second 
edition of the Dietary Guidelines for the Brazilian 
Population.323, 324 These guidelines broke new 
ground internationally by adopting the NOVA food 
classification system, which groups foods according 
to the nature, extent and purpose of industrial 
processing, rather than focusing solely on nutrient 
content. The Guidelines promote diets based on 
fresh and minimally processed foods, discourage 
the consumption of ultra-processed products and 
highlight the importance of socially and culturally 
grounded approaches to healthy diets.
The release of the Guidelines spurred regulatory 
momentum.325 The Government has progressively 
restricted the purchase of ultra-processed products 
through the National School Meals Programme, and 
since 2023, the municipalities of Rio de Janeiro and 
Niterói have banned the provision and sale of ultra-
processed foods in schools. The Brazil Without Hunger 
Plan and the National Basic Food Basket align with the 
Guidelines, promoting minimally processed foods 
in social protection programmes and shaping fiscal 
policies – including tax reductions on healthy foods 
and a selective tax on sugary beverages. 
Brazil has also taken steps to protect the diets of 
young children specifically. In 2019, the Ministry of 
Health released the Dietary Guidelines for Brazilian 
Children Under 2 Years of Age, which explicitly 
discourage offering ultra-processed foods and 
beverages to these children.326 In addition, Brazil co-
sponsored a resolution at the WHO Executive Board 
to support restrictions on the digital marketing of 
breastmilk substitutes; the resolution was approved 
at the Seventy-eighth World Health Assembly in 
May 2025.
Together with other mandatory measures – including 
restrictions on marketing to children, front-of-pack 
food labelling and a ban on industrial trans-fats – 
these actions have created a crucial intersection 
between public health, nutrition and food security 
in Brazil. While there is scope for improvement and 
a need for continued vigilance against industry 
interference,327 these achievements demonstrate 
Brazil’s gradual and progressive commitment to 
prioritize nutrition, public health and social equity, 
particularly regarding children. Beyond Brazil, the 
Dietary Guidelines have influenced the design of 
guidelines in other countries, including in Canada, 
Chile, Ecuador, India, Mexico, Peru and Uruguay.325
SPOTLIGHT 12
BRAZIL, CHILE AND MEXICO – LEADING THE WAY TOWARDS MORE 
COMPREHENSIVE MEASURES TO IMPROVE CHILDREN’S FOOD ENVIRONMENTS
Brazil, Chile and Mexico have emerged as global leaders in protecting children, adolescents and families 
from unhealthy foods and beverages, including those that are ultra-processed.322 Faced with a high 
prevalence of overweight and obesity among children and adolescents, and a growing burden of diet-related 
non-communicable diseases among the adult population, each country overcame considerable industry 
pushback to implement a suite of complementary, mandatory measures to improve food environments.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  67
Chile
Chile’s approach to protecting children’s food 
environments is regarded as one of the most 
comprehensive packages of reforms ever enacted. 
The cornerstone is the Law of Food Labelling and 
Advertising, passed in 2012 and implemented in 2016. 
This law introduced three complementary sets of 
measures: 
•	 Mandatory warning labels: Packaged foods that 
exceed defined thresholds for sugars, sodium, 
saturated fats or calories must display a black, 
hexagonal warning label on the front of the package 
to alert consumers.
•	 Restrictions on marketing to children: Any 
product carrying a warning label is banned from 
being advertised to children under 14 years of 
age. This includes a ban on advertising in schools, 
on television and in cinemas between 6 a.m. and 
10 p.m., and on child-targeted marketing hooks 
and digital marketing that drive children’s demand 
for unhealthy products. In addition, there are 
restrictions on marketing through other formats 
(e.g., radio, print and billboards).
•	 Restrictions on foods in school: Products with 
warning labels cannot be sold, promoted or offered 
in schools, including in cafeterias and vending 
machines, and in the school feeding programme. 
This ban ensures that educational settings reinforce 
public health messages and prevents contradictions 
between policy and practice.
In addition, Chile reformed its existing sugar-
sweetened beverages in 2014. Taxes on beverages 
with more than 6.25 grams of sugar per 100 ml 
increased from 10 to 18 per cent, while taxes on 
beverages below the threshold decreased from 13 
to 10 per cent.328 Independent evaluations show a 
reduction in children’s exposure to the marketing 
of unhealthy foods and beverages and shifts in 
purchasing behaviour. For example, children’s 
exposure to television advertisements for unhealthy 
foods fell by 73 per cent, and there has been a 
measurable decrease in the purchase of foods high 
in energy, sodium, sugar and saturated fat.313, 314, 
329 Furthermore, evidence shows that the industry 
has responded by reformulating products to reduce 
salt levels in foods and sugar levels in foods and 
beverages.318, 330
Chile’s comprehensive, multi-pronged approach – 
supported by monitoring and evaluation – has not 
only garnered widespread international attention and 
recognition but has also served as a model for action. 
Elements of the Chilean strategy, such as front-of-
package warning labels, restrictions on marketing to 
children and bans on unhealthy food sales in schools, 
have been adopted or adapted by several countries 
across Latin America and in regions beyond.331
Mexico 
In 2014, Mexico became one of the first countries in 
the world to introduce taxes on both sugar-sweetened 
beverages and non-essential high-calorie foods 
(containing at least 275 kilocalories per 100 grams), 
covering many unhealthy, ultra-processed products. 
These taxes – approximately 10 per cent on the 
retail price of sugary drinks and 8 per cent on high-
calorie foods – resulted in a decline in purchases of 
taxed products, particularly among lower-income 
households.332–336 
Mexico did not stop there. In 2020, it introduced 
one of the world’s strictest front-of-pack labelling 
systems.337 Packaged foods and beverages high in 
free sugars, saturated fat, trans-fat, salt or calories are 
required to display large, black-and-white octagonal 
warning labels. These labels alert consumers with 
phrases such as ‘excess calories’ or ‘excess sugar’ 
and other tags warn about the presence of caffeine 
or artificial sweeteners, advising that they are not 
recommended for children. Graphic elements, such 
as characters, illustrations and celebrities, cannot be 
used for products with one or more tags. Research 
indicates the labels influence consumers to avoid 
these products and can motivate the industry to 
reformulate them.338, 339 
Regulations on the marketing of foods and beverages 
were strengthened in 2020 to align with the new 
food labelling laws. Any product that carries a 
front-of-pack label cannot be advertised to children 
on any platform, including television and digital 
platforms, and cannot use marketing techniques that 
are designed to appeal to young audiences, such 
as cartoon characters, celebrity endorsements or 
promotional games. Furthermore, these products 
cannot make nutrition or health claims, such as 
‘high in fibre’. 
The country has also addressed unhealthy food 
environments in schools, recognizing them as critical 
spaces for shaping children’s and adolescents’ 
dietary practices. In March 2025, a nationwide policy 
came into effect banning the sale, distribution and 
advertising of ultra-processed foods and beverages, 
sugar-sweetened beverages and other foods and 
beverages with one or more warning labels in schools 
and in the vicinity of schools.340 The policy also aims to 
ensure that schools offer healthier alternatives, such 
as beans, vegetables, fruits and drinking water.
SPOTLIGHT 12  BR AZIL, CHILE AND MEXICO – LEADING THE WAY TOWARDS MORE COMPREHENSIVE MEASURES TO IMPROVE CHILDREN’S 
FOOD ENVIRONMENTS
68  FEEDING PROFIT
4 | OUR RECOMMENDATIONS
AN AGENDA TO 
TRANSFORM CHILDREN’S 
FOOD ENVIRONMENTS
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  69
Across the world, children and adolescents are 
growing up in food environments dominated by 
unhealthy foods and beverages, including those 
that are ultra-processed. These foods are often 
cheap, accessible and aggressively marketed – 
especially to children and adolescents. The surge 
in childhood overweight and obesity reflects this 
reality and signals a failure to uphold children’s 
right to food and nutrition. 
At the root of the problem lies a lack of effective policy 
and the unchecked influence of an industry that profits 
from unhealthy foods and beverages. Countries must 
act now to prevent a future in which unhealthy food 
environments deepen nutrition and health inequities 
among children and adolescents. Countries such as 
Brazil, Chile and Mexico demonstrate that with strong 
political will, governments can create policy conditions 
for healthier food environments for children. 
Eight key recommendations
Immediate and transformative actions are needed 
to improve food environments and protect children’s 
right to food and nutrition. The following eight 
recommendations are universally applicable, including 
in humanitarian contexts: 
1.	 Implement the International Code of 
Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes 
and subsequent World Health Assembly 
resolutions to protect and promote 
breastfeeding and appropriate 
complementary feeding. This includes the 
WHO guidance on regulatory measures aimed 
at restricting the digital marketing of breastmilk 
substitutes, and the guidance on ending the 
inappropriate promotion of foods for infants and 
young children.
2.	 Implement comprehensive, mandatory 
measures to transform food environments 
for children and adolescents. These encompass 
legal measures and policies that protect children’s 
diets by limiting the availability, marketing and 
purchase of unhealthy foods and beverages, 
including ultra-processed foods. They include 
school food environments, food marketing 
restrictions, food labelling, taxes on unhealthy 
foods and beverages, and food reformulation that 
limits both unhealthy ingredients and harmful 
substitutes.  
3.	 Implement comprehensive policies to 
improve the availability and affordability of 
locally produced nutritious foods for children 
and adolescents. These include redirecting 
agricultural, trade and consumer incentives 
and subsidies towards nutritious and healthy 
foods; strengthening systems and infrastructure 
to support the production, processing and 
distribution of nutritious and healthy foods, 
including large-scale mandatory fortification of 
appropriate food vehicles; and improving access 
to safe and palatable drinking water in schools and 
communities.
4.	 Establish robust safeguards to protect public 
policy processes from interference by the 
ultra- processed food industry. This includes 
conflict-of-interest safeguards, the exclusion of 
ultra-processed food and beverage industry actors 
from involvement in policy development and 
implementation, and the mandatory reporting of 
industry lobbying activities and membership in 
trade and business associations.
5.	 Implement social and behaviour change 
initiatives that empower families and 
communities to claim their right to healthy 
food environments, raise awareness of the 
harm caused by diets high in ultra-processed 
foods and beverages and build public support 
for legal measures and policies to transform food 
environments for children.
6.	 Strengthen social protection programmes 
to address income poverty and increase 
children’s access to nutritious and healthy 
diets through social transfers (food, cash, 
vouchers) and other forms of social protection (e.g., 
parental benefits, affordable childcare and labour 
market programmes).
7.	 Engage young people in public policymaking 
on food justice by fostering youth-led 
advocacy. Support young advocates to share their 
lived experiences of unhealthy food environments 
and amplify their voices to demand healthier food 
and beverage options in schools, communities and 
beyond.
8.	 Strengthen global and national data and 
surveillance systems to monitor food 
environments, diets and overweight among 
children and adolescents using standardized 
indicators and data collection methods. 
In addition, track the implementation of legal 
measures and policies to protect children and 
adolescents from unhealthy food environments.
70  FEEDING PROFIT
BOX 8
SYSTEM-WIDE APPROACHES TO THE PREVENTION OF OVERWEIGHT AND 
OBESITY IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS
Coordinated efforts across five key systems are essential to strengthen food environments, improve diets 
and safeguard children and adolescents from overweight and obesity in all settings, including humanitarian 
contexts.341
The food system determines whether food environments make nutritious, healthy, 
diverse and safe foods available, affordable and desirable to children, adolescents 
and their families. Mandatory policies and legal measures that promote nutritious 
foods and protect against unhealthy foods and beverages, including those that 
are ultra-processed, are essential (e.g., food labelling regulations, food marketing 
restrictions and food subsidies and taxes). 
The health system supports child and adolescent weight monitoring to track 
overweight and obesity and enable early intervention; promotes nutritious and 
healthy diets and physical activity; and guides the development of mandatory 
policies and legal measures to promote breastfeeding and complementary feeding 
and protect children and adolescents from unhealthy foods and beverages, 
including those that are ultra-processed. 
The water and sanitation system is responsible for ensuring that children 
and adolescents have access to safe and palatable drinking water and safely 
managed sanitation services in all food environments where they live, learn and 
play. It supports efforts to promote water drinking that may in turn reduce the 
consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages. 
The education system plays a vital role in ensuring nutritious and healthy foods 
and free, safe and palatable drinking water are available in schools; restricting the 
availability and marketing of unhealthy foods and beverages, including those that 
are ultra-processed, in and around schools; banning sponsorship by the ultra-
processed food and beverage industry; and building the knowledge and skills of 
children and adolescents on food and nutrition.
The social protection system protects vulnerable children and their families 
against poverty and social exclusion. By providing social transfers (food, cash or 
vouchers) and other forms of support (e.g., maternity benefits, affordable childcare 
and labour market programmes), it can improve financial and physical access to 
nutritious diets, while reducing reliance on nutrient-poor, unhealthy foods.
Five key systems – food, health, water and sanitation, education and social protection – 
must work in synergy to deliver these recommendations (see Box 8). 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  71
Governments must:
•	
Enact, implement, monitor and enforce a 
comprehensive set of mandatory legal measures 
and policies to protect children and adolescents 
from unhealthy foods and beverages, including 
ultra-processed foods and beverages, and improve 
equitable access to nutritious and healthy foods.
•	
Enact, implement, monitor and enforce legal 
frameworks to prevent interference by the ultra-
processed food and beverage industry in public 
policy processes, including conflict-of-interest 
safeguards, mandatory transparency measures 
and restrictions on lobbying and influence. 
•	
Strengthen national monitoring and accountability 
systems through regular data collection on 
children’s diets and nutrition, the implementation 
of legal measures and policies, and industry 
practices impacting children’s food environments.
Civil society and the media must:
•	
Raise public awareness of the harm caused by 
unhealthy foods, beverages and diets, amplify 
the voices of children and families affected by 
unhealthy food environments, and build public 
demand for legal measures and policies to 
transform food environments.
•	
Advocate for comprehensive, mandatory and 
enforceable legal measures and policies that 
protect children, adolescents and families from 
unhealthy food environments and improve access 
to nutritious and healthy foods, and demand that 
public policy processes be free from commercial 
influence.
•	
Investigate and serve as a public watchdog to 
publicly expose the harmful commercial practices 
of the ultra-processed food and beverage industry, 
including policy interference, misleading marketing 
practices and other tactics that undermine 
children’s right to food and nutrition.
Development and humanitarian organizations 
must:
•	
Set global standards and guidance to improve 
food environments, including reducing industry 
interference in policymaking; and strengthening 
government capacity to implement legal measures 
and policies to transform food environments for 
children. 
•	
Advocate for agricultural and trade policies 
that reduce incentives for ultra-processed food 
production and improve access to nutritious 
and healthy foods; and invest in systems and 
infrastructure that promote equitable access to 
nutritious and healthy foods. 
•	
Track global and country progress on 
strengthening food environments, improving 
diets and reducing overweight and obesity among 
children and adolescents, using standardized 
indicators and data collection methods.
Donors and other financial partners must:
•	
Declare the prevention of childhood and 
adolescent overweight and obesity as a key priority 
within organizational agendas, policies, strategies 
and investments for improving children’s and 
adolescents’ nutrition, health, well-being and 
prosperity. 
•	
Secure global and national commitments to 
transform food environments through legal 
measures and policies that restrict access to 
unhealthy foods and beverages, including ultra-
processed foods and beverages, and enhance the 
availability and supply of nutritious and healthy 
foods.
•	
Commit to and deliver financial investments that 
strengthen institutional and regulatory capacities 
to improve food environments, particularly in 
under-resourced settings, including support for 
systems and infrastructure that improve equitable 
access to nutritious and healthy foods.
Commitment and accountability for action
Governments bear the primary responsibility for protecting children’s right to food and nutrition; however, 
achieving swift, impactful change towards healthier food environments demands unified action from multiple 
stakeholders. 
Governments, alongside civil society and media, development and humanitarian organizations, donors and 
financial partners, academia and the food and beverage industry, must urgently commit to a comprehensive and 
bold response. These stakeholders must hold themselves and one another accountable for transparent decision-
making and measurable progress to create equitable, healthy food environments for all children and adolescents, 
everywhere.
72  FEEDING PROFIT
Food and beverage industry actors must:
•	
Ensure that company policies, practices and 
products fully comply with human rights treaties, 
normative guidance issued by United Nations 
agencies, and legal measures and policies to 
protect children and adolescents from unhealthy 
food environments. 
•	
Invest in the production, processing and 
promotion of nutritious, healthy, affordable and 
sustainable foods for children, adolescents and 
their families that are low in free sugars, refined 
starches, salt, unhealthy fats, additives and other 
harmful ingredients.
•	
Never seek to delay, prevent or weaken global or 
national legal measures and policies to protect 
children and adolescents from unhealthy food 
environments.
Academic and research organizations must:
•	
Undertake independent studies and research 
– free from conflicts of interest – on the trends, 
inequities and drivers of nutrient-poor, unhealthy 
diets, overweight and obesity in children and 
adolescents, and the impacts on children, families, 
societies and nations. 
•	
Undertake independent studies, research and 
evaluations – free from conflicts of interest – on 
legal measures and policies to improve food 
environments and diets among children and 
adolescents. 
•	
Train multidisciplinary professionals – including 
agriculturists, nutritionists, public health experts, 
educators and economists – to lead and sustain 
national efforts to improve food environments for 
children and adolescents.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  73
ANNEX 1 
REGIONAL PROFILES
74  FEEDING PROFIT
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Percentage
2020
2016
2009
FIGURE A2: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, East Asia and the Pacific 
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2014
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
Numbers affected
41M
2M
22M
18M
9M
17M
8M
2M
6M
5M
2M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A1: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and obesity, 
by age group, East Asia and the Pacific, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
39M
24M
20M
11M
9M
5
1
8
10
26
10
25
6
16
2
3
3
1
6
11
14
EAST ASIA AND THE PACIFIC
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  75
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sugary 
food or 
beverage
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
FIGURE A4: Percentage of children aged 6–23 months and adolescents aged 15–19 years not consuming vegetables or fruit and not 
consuming eggs or flesh foods, and percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years consuming soft drinks, more than one sugary 
food or beverage and more than one salty processed food, by place of residence and wealth group, East Asia and the Pacific
Note: *Insufficient data to compute regional aggregate on consumption of unhealthy foods and beverages for children aged 6–23 months.
Source: *UNICEF Global databases and **Gallup World Poll surveys.
Regional
average
Poorest
Wealthiest
Urban
Regional
average
Rural
Urban
Rural
Poorest
Wealthiest
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
15–19 years**
6–23 months*
49
27
15
6
3
7
11
41
26
15
0–4 years
5–19 years
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
FIGURE A3: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
East Asia and the Pacific
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
%
%
76  FEEDING PROFIT
EASTERN EUROPE AND CENTRAL ASIA
Percentage
2008
2006
FIGURE A6: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, Eastern Europe and Central Asia 
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2002
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Numbers affected
8M
<1M
3M
2M
1M
5M
3M
1M
2M
1M
<1M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A5: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and obesity, 
by age group, Eastern Europe and Central Asia, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
7M
5M
6M
4M
2M
12
4
8
18
26
15
23
10
18
2
6
3
2
5
7
10
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  77
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sugary 
food or 
beverage
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
FIGURE A8: Percentage of children aged 6–23 months and adolescents aged 15–19 years not consuming vegetables or fruit and 
not consuming eggs or flesh foods, and percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years consuming soft drinks, more than one 
sugary food or beverage and more than one salty processed food, by place of residence and wealth group, Eastern Europe and 
Central Asia
Note: *Insufficient data to compute regional aggregate on consumption of unhealthy foods and beverages for children aged 6–23 months.
Source: *UNICEF Global databases and **Gallup World Poll surveys.
Regional
average
Poorest
Wealthiest
Urban
Regional
average
Rural
Urban
Rural
Poorest
Wealthiest
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
15–19 years**
6–23 months*
insufficient data
insufficient data
insufficient data
insufficient data
insufficient data
0–4 years
5–19 years
FIGURE A7: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
Eastern Europe and 
Central Asia
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
38
52
5
5
10
20
35
35
%
%
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
78  FEEDING PROFIT
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN AFRICA
Percentage
2027
FIGURE A10: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, Eastern and Southern Africa 
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Numbers affected
10M
1M
4M
2M
1M
3M
3M
1M
1M
<1M
<1M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A9: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and obesity, 
by age group, Eastern and Southern Africa, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
8M
6M
2M
2M
4M
5
2
4
5
12
5
10
5
9
1
1
1
3
1
2
4
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  79
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sugary 
food or 
beverage
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
FIGURE A12: Percentage of children aged 6–23 months and adolescents aged 15–19 years not consuming vegetables or fruit and 
not consuming eggs or flesh foods, and percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years consuming soft drinks, more than one sugary 
food or beverage and more than one salty processed food, by place of residence and wealth group, Eastern and Southern Africa
Note: *Insufficient data to compute regional aggregate on consumption of unhealthy foods and beverages for children aged 6–23 months.
Source: *UNICEF Global databases and **Gallup World Poll surveys.
Regional
average
Poorest
Wealthiest
Urban
Regional
average
Rural
Urban
Rural
Poorest
Wealthiest
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
15–19 years**
6–23 months*
0–4 years
5–19 years
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
FIGURE A11: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
Eastern and Southern 
Africa
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
12
52
28
8
16
20
56
8
%
%
80  FEEDING PROFIT
LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Percentage
FIGURE A14: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, Latin America and the Caribbean 
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
Numbers affected
20M
1M
10M
9M
6M
13M
4M
<1M
5M
3M
2M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A13: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and 
obesity, by age group, Latin America and the Caribbean, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. Interpret with caution; low population coverage. 
M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
20M
16M
12M
9M
4M
7
1
9
23
39
23
39
17
30
2
8
6
16
4
11
19
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  81
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sugary 
food or 
beverage
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
FIGURE A16: Percentage of children aged 6–23 months and adolescents aged 15–19 years not consuming vegetables or fruit and 
not consuming eggs or flesh foods, and percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years consuming soft drinks, more than one sugary 
food or beverage and more than one salty processed food, by place of residence and wealth group, Latin America and the 
Caribbean
Note: *Insufficient data to compute regional aggregate on consumption of unhealthy foods and beverages for children aged 6–23 months. Interpret with caution; low population coverage.
Source: *UNICEF Global databases and **Gallup World Poll surveys.
Regional
average
Poorest
Wealthiest
Urban
Regional
average
Rural
Urban
Rural
Poorest
Wealthiest
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
15–19 years**
6–23 months*
0–4 years
5–19 years
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
FIGURE A15: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
Latin America and the 
Caribbean
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
3
33
64
11
22
48
19
%
%
82  FEEDING PROFIT
MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Percentage
FIGURE A18: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, Middle East and North Africa 
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
Numbers affected
18M
1M
9M
7M
5M
8M
4M
1M
4M
3M
2M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A17: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and 
obesity, by age group, Middle East and North Africa, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
17M
13M
9M
7M
4M
10
3
8
22
35
23
36
20
32
2
9
7
16
6
13
18
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  83
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sugary 
food or 
beverage
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
FIGURE A20: Percentage of children aged 6–23 months and adolescents aged 15–19 years not consuming vegetables or fruit and 
not consuming eggs or flesh foods, and percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years consuming soft drinks, more than one sugary 
food or beverage and more than one salty processed food, by place of residence and wealth group, Middle East and North Africa
Note: *Insufficient data to compute regional aggregate on consumption of unhealthy foods and beverages for children aged 6–23 months.
Source: *UNICEF Global databases and **Gallup World Poll surveys.
Regional
average
Poorest
Wealthiest
Urban
Regional
average
Rural
Urban
Rural
Poorest
Wealthiest
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
15–19 years**
6–23 months*
0–4 years
5–19 years
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
FIGURE A19: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
Middle East and North 
Africa
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
16
26
58
6
31
25
31
6
%
%
84  FEEDING PROFIT
NORTH AMERICA
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Percentage
FIGURE A22: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, North America 
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
Numbers affected
8M
4M
<1M
<1M
5M
5M
8M
2M
4M
4M
4M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024'
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A21: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and 
obesity, by age group, North America, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
11M
10M
9M
8M
2M
8
1
10
35
38
42
45
36
39
2
16
20
22
17
19
18
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  85
0–4 years
5–19 years
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
FIGURE A23: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
North America
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
50
50
50
50
%
%
86  FEEDING PROFIT
SOUTH ASIA
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Percentage
FIGURE A25: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, South Asia 
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
Numbers affected
22M
2M
10M
8M
5M
5M
2M
1M
<1M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A24: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and 
obesity, by age group, South Asia, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
23M
18M
4M
1M
4M
3M
6M
3
1
3
2
13
3
13
2
10
1
1
7
4
<1
<1
3
6
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  87
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sugary 
food or 
beverage
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
FIGURE A27: Percentage of children aged 6–23 months and adolescents aged 15–19 years not consuming vegetables or fruit and 
not consuming eggs or flesh foods, and percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years consuming soft drinks, more than one sugary 
food or beverage and more than one salty processed food, by place of residence and wealth group, South Asia
Note: *Insufficient data to compute regional aggregate on consumption of unhealthy foods and beverages for children aged 6–23 months.
Source: *UNICEF Global databases and **Gallup World Poll surveys.
Regional
average
Poorest
Wealthiest
Urban
Regional
average
Rural
Urban
Rural
Poorest
Wealthiest
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
15–19 years**
6–23 months*
0–4 years
5–19 years
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
FIGURE A26: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
South Asia
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
13
25
13
50
13
38
50
%
%
88  FEEDING PROFIT
WEST AND CENTRAL AFRICA
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Percentage
FIGURE A29: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, West and Central Africa 
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
Numbers affected
12M
<1M
5M
3M
2M
3M
1M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A28: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and 
obesity, by age group, West and Central Africa, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
9M
6M
2M
1M
<1M
<1M
3M
2M
3M
5
2
3
6
14
5
12
5
10
1
1
1
2
7
2
6
4
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  89
More than 
one salty 
processed 
food
More than 
one sugary 
food or 
beverage
Soft drinks 
(soda, energy 
drinks, sports 
drinks)
No vegetable 
or fruit
No egg or
flesh food
FIGURE A31: Percentage of children aged 6–23 months and adolescents aged 15–19 years not consuming vegetables or fruit and 
not consuming eggs or flesh foods, and percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 years consuming soft drinks, more than one sugary 
food or beverage and more than one salty processed food, by place of residence and wealth group, West and Central Africa
Note: *Insufficient data to compute regional aggregate on consumption of unhealthy foods and beverages for children aged 6–23 months.
Source: *UNICEF Global databases and **Gallup World Poll surveys.
Regional
average
Poorest
Wealthiest
Urban
Regional
average
Rural
Urban
Rural
Poorest
Wealthiest
Percentage
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
15–19 years**
6–23 months*
0–4 years
5–19 years
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
FIGURE A30: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
West and Central Africa
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
33
13
54
29
4
42
25
%
%
90  FEEDING PROFIT
WESTERN EUROPE
a) Obesity
b) Underweight
Projection based on historical trend
Percentage
FIGURE A33: Trends in the percentage of children and adolescents living with (a) obesity, (b) underweight, 2000–2022, and 
projections to 2030, by age group, Western Europe
Source: UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
10–14 years
15–19 years
5–9 years
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
5–19 years
Numbers affected
7M
3M
3M
2M
1M
2000
Latest
0–4 years
5–9 years
10–14 years
15–19 years
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2022
2000
2022
2000
2022
2000
2024
2000
Overweight,
no obesity
Total
overweight
Obesity
FIGURE A32: Trend in the percentage and number (in millions) of children and adolescents living with overweight and 
obesity, by age group, Western Europe, 2000 and latest
Note: Latest estimates are from the year 2024 for children under 5 and from the year 2022 for children and adolescents 5–19 years. M = million.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for children under 5, and UNICEF analysis of data from NCD-RisC for children and adolescents 5–19 years.
Percentage
8M
5M
8M
2M
2M
1M
7M
6M
2M
6
1
7
26
27
27
28
19
20
1
8
5
8
9
6
10
<1M
<1M
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  91
0–4 years
5–19 years
Very low 
Low
Medium
High 
Very high 
FIGURE A34: Percentage of 
countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for 
overweight, by age group, 
Western Europe
Note: The prevalence threshold 
categories differ by the age of child. 
Refer to Annex 2 for further details.
Source: UNICEF, WHO and World Bank 
Joint Child Malnutrition Estimates for 
children under 5, and UNICEF analysis 
of data from NCD-RisC for children 
and adolescents 5–19 years.
55
45
21
50
29
%
%
92  FEEDING PROFIT
ANNEX 2
NOTES ON FIGURES
Population-weighted global and regional 
estimates
The regional estimates of the various indicators 
presented in this report are based on UNICEF reporting 
regions. Further details on the composition of these 
geographical regions are available at <https://data.
unicef.org/regionalclassifications/>.
Overweight, obesity and severe wasting among 
children under 5 years 
The regional and global population-weighted estimates 
for overweight, obesity and severe wasting for 
children under 5 years were weighted using the annual 
population by age interpolated datasets from the World 
Population Prospects: 2024 Revision and based on the 
UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint Child Malnutrition 
Estimates, 2025 edition.342
Further details about the generation of global and 
regional estimates of overweight and severe wasting 
are available at <https://data.unicef.org/resources/
jme-standard-methodology>. Regional and global 
estimates of obesity were developed using the same 
methodology as overweight.
Overweight, obesity and underweight among 
children and adolescents aged 5-19 years 
The regional and global population-weighted estimates 
for overweight, obesity and underweight for children 
and adolescents aged 5–19 years were weighted using 
the annual population by age interpolated datasets 
from the World Population Prospects: 2022 Revision.343
The population-weighted estimates of the percentage 
of children and adolescents aged 5–19 years by 
indicator and age group in each UNICEF region 
and globally were generated by (a) multiplying the 
percentage of children and adolescents in a given 
age group who are living with overweight (or obesity 
or underweight) for each country with available data 
by the number of children in a given age group in 
that country to determine the estimated the number 
of children and adolescents living with overweight 
(or obesity or underweight); (b) summing all of the 
country specific values for the estimated number of 
children and adolescents in a given age group living 
with overweight (or obesity or underweight) in a region 
or globally; and (c) dividing the estimated number of 
children and adolescents in a given age group living 
with overweight (or obesity or underweight) in a region 
or globally by the total population of children and 
adolescents in a given age group in the countries with 
data in the region or globally.
Dietary intake among children aged 6–23 months 
and adolescents aged 5–19 years
The regional and global population-weighted estimates 
for dietary indicators for children 6–23 months and 
adolescents 15–19 years were weighted using the 
annual population by age interpolated datasets from 
the World Population Prospects: 2024 Revision.342
The population-weighted estimates of the percentage 
of children and adolescents by age group consuming 
foods and beverages in each UNICEF region and 
globally were generated by (a) multiplying the 
percentage of children and adolescents in a given age 
group consuming various foods and beverages for each 
country with available data by the number of children 
and adolescents in a given age group in that country 
to determine the estimated number of children and 
adolescents consuming various foods and beverages; 
(b) summing all of the country specific values for 
the estimated number of children and adolescents 
in a given age group consuming various foods and 
beverages in a region or globally; and (c) dividing 
the estimated number of children and adolescents 
in a given age group consuming various foods and 
beverages in a region or globally by the total population 
of children and adolescents in a given age group in the 
countries with data in the region or globally. 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  93
Notes on individual figures
Figure 4: Percentage of countries by prevalence 
threshold categories for overweight, by age group
The prevalence thresholds for overweight for children 
under 5 were established through the WHO-UNICEF 
Technical Advisory Group on Nutrition Monitoring. The 
thresholds for children and adolescents aged 5–19 
years are based on those summarized in the paper 
published in 2021 by Lobstein and Jewell.131
Prevalence 
thresholds
Children 
under 5 
Children and adolescents 
5–19 years
Very low
<2.5
<10
Low
2.5 – <5
10 – <15
Medium
5 – <10
15 – <25
High
10 – <15
25 – <35
Very high
≥15
≥35
Figure 6: Trends in percentage and numbers 
(in millions) of children and adolescents with 
overweight, by age group and by country income 
classification, 2000 and latest
The prevalence of overweight by country income status 
is population-weighted for all groups. The source of 
information on country income status is the World Bank 
country classification for fiscal year 2025.344
Figure 10: Trends in the percentage of children and 
adolescents with (a) obesity; (b) severe wasting/
underweight, 2000 to the latest and projections 
to 2030, by age group, globally 
Projections in the prevalence of obesity and severe 
wasting from 2024 onwards for children under 5 are 
based on the UNICEF, WHO and World Bank Joint 
Child Malnutrition Estimates, 2025 edition. Projections 
are based on average annual rate of reduction of all 
estimates from 2012 to 2024.
Projections in the prevalence of obesity and 
underweight for children and adolescents aged 5–19 
years are determined by applying the average change 
in probit-transformed prevalence from the baseline 
year of 2010 to 2022.345 
Figure 12: Percentage of children aged 6–23 
months not consuming vegetables or fruit and not 
consuming eggs or flesh foods, by UNICEF region 
and globally
Estimates of no eggs or flesh food and no vegetable or 
fruit are population-weighted and based on the most 
recent national survey between 2017 and 2024 for a 
subset of 90 countries available in the UNICEF Global 
Databases on Infant and Young Child Feeding, covering 
76 per cent of the global population of children aged 
6–23 months. Only regions where available data 
represent at least 50 per cent of the region’s population 
of children aged 6–23 months are displayed, with the 
exception of Latin America and the Caribbean.
Figure 13: Percentage of children aged 6–23 months 
not consuming vegetables or fruit and not eating 
eggs or flesh foods, by sex, residence, and wealth 
group, globally
Estimates are population-weighted and based on the 
most recent national survey between 2017 and 2024 for 
a subset of 88 countries with disaggregated data by sex 
of the child, 84 countries with disaggregated data by 
place of residence, and 81 countries with disaggregated 
data by wealth group, available in the UNICEF Global 
Databases on Infant and Young Child Feeding. Wealth 
status is based on a household’s ownership of various 
assets and the characteristics of its dwelling.
The 'poorest' group refers to children belonging to 
households in wealth quintile 1, and the 'wealthiest' 
group refers to children belonging to households in 
wealth quintile 5.
Figure 14: Percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 
years (a) consuming soft drinks, more than one 
sugary food or beverage and more than one salty 
processed food; (b) not consuming vegetables or 
fruit and not eating eggs or flesh foods, by UNICEF 
region and globally
Estimates of the various indicators are population-
weighted and based on Gallup World Poll surveys 
conducted between 2021 and 2024 in 93 countries 
covering 88 per cent of the global population of 
adolescents aged 15–19 years. Only regions where 
available data represent at least 50 per cent of the 
region’s population of adolescents aged 15–19 years 
are displayed.
Figure 15: Percentage of adolescents aged 15–19 
years consuming soft drinks, consuming more than 
one sugary food or beverage, consuming more than 
one salty processed food, not eating vegetables 
or fruit and not eating eggs or flesh foods, by sex, 
residence, and wealth group, globally
Estimates are population-weighted and based on 
Gallup World Poll surveys conducted between 2021 and 
2024 for a subset of 93 countries with disaggregated 
data by sex of the child, place of residence and 
wealth group. 
Wealth group is based on household income. The 
'poorest' group refers to adolescents belonging to 
households in income quintile 1, and the 'wealthiest' 
group refers to adolescents belonging to households in 
income quintile 5.
94  FEEDING PROFIT
Figure 19: Relative caloric price of sugary snacks, 
salty snacks, soft drinks, vegetables and fruit, eggs 
and flesh foods, by country income status 
The caloric prices of foods and beverages are 
compared with starchy staples. For example, a relative 
caloric price of three for a specific food group means 
that it is three times as expensive to obtain a calorie 
from this food group as it is to obtain a calorie from 
starchy staples. The values for vegetables and fruits are 
the unweighted means of the values for vitamin A-rich 
fruits and vegetables, dark green leafy vegetables and 
other vegetables and fruit. The values for eggs and 
flesh foods are the unweighted means of the values for 
eggs, white meat, unprocessed red meat, and fish and 
seafood. For further details see Headey et al., 2019.166
Figure 23: Percentage of young people aged 13–24 
years who saw advertisements for sugary/energy 
drinks, fast food or snacks during the previous 
week, by country income status and country 
fragility status, 2024
The global poll was deployed between June and 
September 2024 on eight U-Report platforms, including 
U-Report Global, and gathered the perspectives of 
64,000 young people from across 171 countries. 
These poll data reflect the information provided by the 
respondents aged 13–24 years and are not statistically 
representative of young people globally, or in any 
specific country or region. U-Report as a community 
does not have a goal of statistical representativeness 
among its membership and no sampling stratification 
was employed. Post-stratification weighting was not 
applied during the analysis of this poll. U-Report data 
should not be used as a single source of information 
to make decisions but rather should be used to 
complement more statistically robust methods of 
gathering data. 
UNICEF values the voices of young people and seeks 
to recognize their experiences and views. The data 
are considered a reliable reflection of the information 
the respondents have provided to U-Report. U-Report 
is UNICEF’s community for young people, by young 
people, where they can raise their voices on issues that 
matter, access trusted information and take action in 
their communities. It is active as a programme in more 
than 90 countries and is accessible worldwide via its 
global platform, enabling young people everywhere 
to use real-time data to shape policies and decisions. 
Once registered, participants, known as U-Reporters, 
respond voluntarily and anonymously to short polls and 
receive important and lifesaving information on issues 
such as nutrition, health, education, climate change 
and emergencies via SMS, social media (e.g., Instagram, 
Facebook Messenger, U-Report App, Telegram, Viber 
and WhatsApp) or the U-Report website or app.
The source of information on country income status 
is the World Bank country classification for fiscal year 
2025.344 The source of information on country fragility 
status is the World Bank list of fragile and conflict 
affected countries for fiscal year 2025.346 
Figure 24: Percentage of young people aged 13–24 
years who saw advertisements for sugary/energy 
drinks, fast food or snacks during the previous 
week, by source of advertisement, 2024
See data notes for Figure 23.
Figure 25: Percentage of young people aged 13–24 
years who saw celebrities, influencers, athletes 
or cartoons in advertisements for sugary/energy 
drinks, fast food or snacks during the previous 
week, by county income status, 2024
See data notes for Figure 23.
Figure 28: Percentage of countries with mandatory 
legal measures or policies to protect children 
from unhealthy food environments, by country 
income status
The source of information on country income status 
is the World Bank country classification for fiscal year 
2025.344 The data on legal measures and policies to 
protect children from unhealthy food environments 
were obtained from the following sources. 
Legal measures substantially aligned with the Code
Inclusions: Countries and areas with legal measures 
substantially aligned with the International Code of 
Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes and subsequent 
World Health Assembly resolutions (the Code).
Source: World Health Organization and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes: 
National implementation of the International Code, status 
report 2024, WHO, Geneva, 2024.
Scope of the Code includes complementary foods
Inclusions: Countries and areas with legal measures 
aligned with the Code that include complementary 
foods.
Source: World Health Organization and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes: 
National implementation of the International Code, status 
report 2024, WHO, Geneva, 2024.
Restrictions on nutrients, ingredients or categories 
of concern in school meals
Inclusions: Countries and areas with mandatory 
restrictions on nutrients, ingredients or categories of 
concern in school meals.
Source: Global Food Research Program, ‘National 
Policies Regulating the School Food Environment, 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  95
updated March 2024’, Global Food Research Program, 
University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, 2024, <www.
globalfoodresearchprogram.org/resource/maps-
school-food-environment-policies-around-the-world>, 
accessed 15 January 2025.
Restrictions on other food and beverages sold 
at school
Inclusions: Countries and areas with mandatory 
restrictions on competitive foods (i.e., any foods or 
beverages sold in schools outside of the school meal 
programme), including foods sold in canteens, tuck 
shops, vending machines and from vendors coming 
onto school grounds.
Source: Global Food Research Program, ‘National 
Policies Regulating the School Food Environment, 
updated March 2024’, Global Food Research Program, 
University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, 2024, <www.
globalfoodresearchprogram.org/resource/maps-
school-food-environment-policies-around-the-world>, 
accessed 15 January 2025.
Regulation of food advertising to children through 
television and radio
Inclusions: Countries and areas with mandatory 
regulation of food advertising to children through 
television and radio. Includes countries identified as 
having provisions that cover the exposure to and/or 
power of food advertising
Source: Global Food Research Program, ‘National 
Policies Regulating Food Marketing to Children, 
updated March 2024’, Global Food Research Program, 
University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, 2024. < www.
globalfoodresearchprogram.org/resource/maps-
restrictions-on-marketing-food-to-children>, accessed 
19 June 2025.
Regulation of food advertising to children through 
digital media
Inclusions: Countries and areas with mandatory 
regulation of food advertising to children through 
digital media (internet and social media). Includes 
countries identified as having provisions that cover the 
exposure to and/or power of food advertising
Source: Global Food Research Program, ‘National 
Policies Regulating Food Marketing to Children, 
updated March 2024’, Global Food Research Program, 
University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, 2024, <www.
globalfoodresearchprogram.org/resource/maps-
restrictions-on-marketing-food-to-children>, accessed 
19 June 2025.
Food reformulation to reduce trans-fats
Inclusions: Countries and areas with mandatory 
regulations to reduce industrially produced trans-fats 
in foods.
Source: World Health Organization, ‘Food Product 
Reformulation’, The Global database on the 
Implementation of Food and Nutrition Action, 
WHO, Geneva, <https://gifna.who.int/summary/
reformulation>, accessed 24 June 2025. 
Front-of-pack food labelling 
Inclusions: Countries and areas with mandatory front-
of-pack nutrition labelling. Includes countries and 
areas with mandatory labelling and those with both 
mandatory and voluntary labelling.
Source: World Health Organization, ‘Front-of-Pack and 
Other Interpretive Nutrition Labelling’, The Global 
database on the Implementation of Food and Nutrition 
Action, WHO, Geneva, <https://gifna.who.int/summary/
FOPL>, accessed 24 June 2025.
Price subsidies for healthy foods
Inclusions: Countries and areas with price subsidies for 
healthy foods.
Source: World Health Organization, ‘NCD country 
capacity infrastructure’, The Global Health Observatory, 
WHO, Geneva, <www.who.int/data/gho/data/indicators/
indicator-details/GHO/infrastructure>, accessed 10 
July 2025.
Taxation of foods and sugar-sweetened beverages
Inclusions: Countries and areas with national-level taxes 
on both foods and sugar-sweetened beverages.
Source: World Health Organization, ‘Taxes on Foods and 
Non-Alcoholic Beverages’, The Global database on the 
Implementation of Food and Nutrition Action (GIFNA), 
WHO, Geneva, <https://gifna.who.int/summary/
FNABtax>, accessed 24 June 2025.
96  FEEDING PROFIT
ENDNOTES
1.	
United Nations Children’s Fund, The State 
of the World’s Children 2019. Children, Food 
and Nutrition: Growing well in a changing 
world, UNICEF, New York, October 2019.
2.	
United Nations Children’s Fund, World 
Health Organization, and International 
Bank for Reconstruction and Develop­
ment/The World Bank, Levels and Trends in 
Child Malnutrition: Key findings of the 2025 
edition of the Joint Child Malnutrition Esti­
mates, UNICEF and WHO, New York, 2025.
3.	
Zhao, Tian, et al., ‘Global Burden of 
Vitamin A Deficiency in 204 Countries and 
Territories from 1990-2019’, Nutrients, vol. 
14, no. 5, 22 February 2022, art. 950. 
4.	
Zimmermann, Michael B., and Maria An­
dersson, ‘Global Perspectives in Endocri­
nology: Coverage of iodized salt programs 
and iodine status in 2020’, European 
Journal of Endocrinology, vol. 185, no.1, 10 
January 2021, pp. R13–R21.
5.	
Alt, Kurt W., et al., ‘Nutrition and Health 
in Human Evolution-Past to Present’, 
Nutrients, vol. 14, no. 17, 31 August 2022, 
art. 3594.
6.	
Pontzer, H., et al., ‘Hunter-Gatherers as 
Models in Public Health’, Obesity Reviews, 
vol. 19, suppl. 1, December 2019, pp. 
24–35.
7.	
Popkin, Barry M., and Shu Wen Ng, ‘The 
Nutrition Transition to a Stage of High 
Obesity and Noncommunicable Disease 
Prevalence Dominated by Ultra-Processed 
Foods is Not Inevitable’, Obesity Reviews, 
vol. 23, no. 1, January 2022, art. e13366.
8.	
Schneider, Eric, ‘The Determinants of Child 
Stunting and Shifts in the Growth Pattern 
of Children: A long-run, global review’, 
Journal of Economic Surveys, vol. 39, no. 2, 3 
March 2025, pp. 405–452.
9.	
Schneider, Eric, et al., ‘The Decline of Child 
Stunting in 122 Countries: A systematic 
review of child growth studies since the 
nineteenth century’, Lancet, preprint, 9 July 
2024, doi: 10.2139/ssrn.4888122.
10.	 Monteiro, Carlos A., et al., ‘Ultra-Processed 
Products are Becoming Dominant in the 
Global Food System’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 
14, suppl. 2, November 2013, pp. 21–28. 
11.	 Baker, Phillip, et al., ‘Ultra-Processed Foods 
and the Nutrition Transition: Global, re­
gional and national trends, food systems 
transformations and political economy 
drivers’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 21, no. 12, 
December 2020, art. e13126.
12.	 Mennella, Julie A., and Nuala K. Bobowski, 
‘The Sweetness and Bitterness of Child­
hood: Insights from basic research on 
taste preferences’, Physiology & behavior, 
vol. 152, December 2015, pp. 502–507. 
13.	 Nekitsing, Chandani, et al., ‘Developing 
Healthy Food Preferences in Preschool 
Children Through Taste Exposure, Sensory 
Learning, and Nutrition Education’, Current 
Obesity Reports, vol. 7, no. 1, March 2018, 
pp. 60–67. 
14.	 Nicklaus, Sophie, et al., ‘A Prospec­
tive Study of Food Variety Seeking in 
Childhood, Adolescence and Early Adult 
Life’, Appetite, vol. 44, no. 3, June 2005, pp. 
289–297. 
15.	 De Cosmi, Valentina, et al., ‘Early Taste 
Experiences and Later Food Choices’, 
Nutrients, vol. 9, no. 2, 4 February 2017, 
art. 107.
16.	 Beckerman, Jacob P., et al., ‘The Develop­
ment and Public Health Implications of 
Food Preferences in Children’, Frontiers in 
Nutrition, vol. 4, 18 December 2017, art. 
66. 
17.	 Monteiro, Carlos A., et al., ‘Ultra-Processed 
Foods: What They are and how to Identify 
them’, Public Health Nutrition, vol. 22, no. 5, 
12 February 2019, pp. 936–941.
18.	 Martini, Daniela, et al., ‘Ultra-Processed 
Foods and Nutritional Dietary Profile: A 
meta-analysis of nationally representative 
samples’, Nutrients, vol. 13, no. 10, 27 
September 2021, art. 3390.
19.	 Monteiro, Carlos A., ‘Nutrition and Health. 
The issue is not food, nor nutrients, so 
much as processing’, Public Health Nutri­
tion, vol. 12, no. 5, May 2009, 729–731. 
20.	 Rondinella, Debora, et al., ‘The Detrimen­
tal Impact of Ultra-Processed Foods on the 
Human Gut Microbiome and Gut Barrier’, 
Nutrients, vol. 17, no. 5, 28 February 2025, 
art. 859.
21.	 Tristan Asensi, Marta, et al., ‘Low-Grade 
Inflammation and Ultra-Processed Foods 
Consumption: A review’, Nutrients, vol. 15, 
no. 6, 22 March 2023, art. 1546. 
22.	 Warner, John O., ‘Artificial Food Additives: 
Hazardous to long-term health?’, Archives 
of Disease in Childhood, vol. 109, no. 11, 18 
October 2024, art. 882–885. 
23.	 Monteiro, Carlos Augusto, et al., ‘The UN 
Decade of Nutrition, the NOVA Food Clas­
sification and the Trouble with Ultra-Pro­
cessing’, Public Health Nutrition, vol. 21, no. 
1, January 2018, pp. 5–17. 
24.	 United Nations Children’s Fund, Ultra-Pro­
cessed Foods and their Implications for 
Children, Families and Societies: An evidence 
review, UNICEF, New York, forthcoming. 
25.	 Costa, Caroline Santos, et al., ‘Consump­
tion of Ultra-Processed Foods and Body 
Fat During Childhood and Adolescence: 
A systematic review’, Public Health 
Nutrition, vol. 21, no. 1, January 2018, pp. 
148–159. 
26.	 Petridi, Evgenia, et al., ‘The Impact of 
Ultra-Processed Foods on Obesity and 
Cardiometabolic Comorbidities in Children 
and Adolescents: A systematic review’, 
Nutrition Reviews, vol. 82, no.7, July 2024, 
pp. 913–928. 
27.	 Mescoloto, Samantha Bittencourt, et al., 
‘Ultra-processed Food Consumption and 
Children and Adolescents’ health’, Jornal 
de Pediatria, vol. 100, suppl. 1, October 
2024, pp. S18–S30. 
28.	 De Amicis, Ramona, et al., ‘Ultra-processed 
Foods and Obesity and Adiposity Param­
eters Among Children and Adolescents: 
A systematic review’, European Journal of 
Nutrition, vol. 61, no. 5, August 2022, pp. 
2297–2311. 
29.	 de Oliveira, Priscila Gomes, et al., ‘Impacts 
of Consumption of Ultra-Processed Foods 
on the Maternal-Child Health: A systematic 
review’, Frontiers in Nutrition, vol. 9, 13 May 
2022, art. 821657. 
30.	 Bleich, Sara N., and Kelsey A. Vercammen, 
‘The Negative Impact of Sugar-Sweetened 
Beverages on Children’s Health: An update 
of the literature’, BMC Obesity, vol. 5, no. 6, 
20 February 2018.
31.	 Farhangi, Mahdieh Abbasalizad, et al., 
‘Sugar-Sweetened Beverages Increases 
the Risk of Hypertension Among Children 
and Adolescence: A systematic review 
and dose-response meta-analysis’, Journal 
of Translational Medicine, vol. 18, no. 1, 5 
September 2020, art. 344. 
32.	 Abbasalizad Farhangi, Mahdieh, et al., 
‘Sugar-Sweetened Beverages Intake and 
the Risk of Obesity in Children: An updat­
ed systematic review and dose-response 
meta-analysis’, Pediatric Obesity, vol. 17, 
no. 8, August 2022, art. e12914. 
33.	 Rousham, Emily K., et al., ‘Unhealthy Food 
and Beverage Consumption in Children 
and Risk of Overweight and Obesity: A 
systematic review and meta-analysis’, Ad­
vances in Nutrition, vol. 13, no. 5, 2 October 
2022, pp. 1669–1696. 
34.	 Nguyen, Michelle, et al., ‘Sugar-Sweet­
ened Beverage Consumption and Weight 
Gain in Children and Adults: A systematic 
review and meta-analysis of prospective 
cohort studies and randomized controlled 
trials’, American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, 
vol. 117, no. 1, January 2023, pp. 160–174. 
35.	 Calcaterra, Valeria, et al., ‘Sugar-Sweet­
ened Beverages and Metabolic Risk in 
Children and Adolescents with Obesity: A 
narrative review’, Nutrients, vol. 15, no. 3, 
30 January 2023, art. 702. 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  97
36.	 Cascaes, Andreia Morales, et al., ‘Ultra-Pro­
cessed Food Consumption and Dental 
Caries in Children and Adolescents: A 
systematic review and meta-analysis’, 
British Journal of Nutrition, vol. 129, 2023, 
1370–1379. 
37.	 Bleich, Sara N., and Kelsey A. Vercammen, 
‘The Negative Impact of Sugar-Sweetened 
Beverages on Children’s Health: An update 
of the literature’, BMC Obesity, vol. 5, 20 
February 2018, art. 6.
38.	 Costa, Caroline Dos Santos, et al., ‘Con­
sumption of Ultra-Processed Foods and 
Growth Outcomes in Early Childhood: 
2015 Pelotas Birth Cohort’, British Journal 
of Nutrition, vol. 129, no. 12, 2023, pp. 
2153–2160. 
39.	 García-Blanco, Lorena, et al., ‘High 
Consumption of Ultra-Processed Foods is 
Associated with Increased Risk of Micronu­
trient Inadequacy in Children: The SENDO 
project’, European Journal of Pediatrics, vol. 
182, no. 8, August 2023, pp. 3537–3547. 
40.	 Marrón-Ponce, Joaquín A., et al., ‘Ultra-Pro­
cessed Foods Consumption Reduces 
Dietary Diversity and Micronutrient Intake 
in the Mexican Population’, Journal of 
Human Nutrition and Dietetics, vol. 36, no. 
1, February 2023, pp. 241–251.
41.	 Chen, Yu-Chun, et al., ‘Secular Trend To­
wards Ultra-Processed Food Consumption 
and Expenditure Compromises Dietary 
Quality Among Taiwanese Adolescents’, 
Food & Nutrition Research, vol. 62, 17 Sep. 
2018, art. 1565.
42.	 Gyimah, Emmanuel A., et al., ‘Ultra-Pro­
cessed Foods in a Rural Ecuadorian 
Community: Associations with child 
anthropometry and bone maturation’, 
British Journal of Nutrition, vol. 130, no. 9, 
14 November 2023, pp. 1609–1624. 
43.	 Araya, C., et al., ‘Ultra-Processed Food 
Consumption Among Chilean Preschool­
ers is Associated with Diets Promoting 
Non-communicable Diseases’, Frontiers 
in Nutrition, vol. 8, 26 March 2021, art. 
601526.
44.	 Falcão, Raphaela Cecília Thé Maia de Arru­
da, et al., ‘Processed and Ultra-Processed 
Foods are Associated with High Prevalence 
of Inadequate Selenium Intake and Low 
Prevalence of Vitamin B1 and Zinc Inade­
quacy in Adolescents from Public Schools 
in an Urban Area of Northeastern Brazil’, 
PloS One, vol. 14, no. 12, 4 December 2019, 
art. e0224984. 
45.	 Pries, Alissa M., et al., ‘Unhealthy Snack 
Food and Beverage Consumption Is 
Associated with Lower Dietary Adequa­
cy and Length-for-Age z-Scores Among 
12-23-Month-Olds in Kathmandu Valley, 
Nepal’, Journal of Nutrition, vol. 149, no. 10, 
1 October 2019, pp. 1843–1851.
46.	 United Nations Children’s Fund, Fed to Fail? 
The crisis of children’s diets in early life. 2021 
Child Nutrition Report, UNICEF, New York, 
September 2021.
47.	 Reales-Moreno, Marta, et al., ‘Ultra-Pro­
cessed Foods and Drinks Consumption Is 
Associated with Psychosocial Functioning 
in Adolescents’, Nutrients, vol. 14, no. 22, 
15 November 2022, art. 4831. 
48.	 Mesas, Arthur Eumann, et al., ‘Increased 
Consumption of Ultra-Processed Food Is 
Associated with Poor Mental Health in a 
Nationally Representative Sample of Ado­
lescent Students in Brazil’, Nutrients, vol. 
14, no. 24, 7 December 2022, art. 5207. 
49.	 Pengpid, Supa, and Karl Peltzer, ‘High 
Carbonated Soft Drink Intake is Associated 
with Health Risk Behavior and Poor Mental 
Health among School-Going Adolescents 
in Six Southeast Asian Countries’, Inter­
national Journal of Environmental Research 
and Public Health, vol. 17, no. 1, 23 Decem­
ber 2019, art. 132. 
50.	 Bruckauf, Zlata, and Sophie D. Walsh, 
‘Adolescents’ Multiple and Individual 
Risk Behaviours: Examining the link with 
excessive sugar consumption across 26 
industrialized countries’, Social Science & 
Medicine, vol. 216, November 2018, pp. 
133–141. 
51.	 Shi, Zumin, et al., ‘Association Between 
Soft Drink Consumption and Aggressive 
Behaviour among a Quarter Million 
Adolescents from 64 Countries Based on 
the Global School-Based Student Health 
Survey’, Nutrients, vol. 12, no. 3, 5 March 
2020, art. 694. 
52.	 Liu, Jieyu, et al., ‘Sugar-Sweetened Bever­
ages and Depressive and Social Anxiety 
Symptoms Among Children and Adoles­
cents Aged 7-17 Years, Stratified by Body 
Composition’, Frontiers in Nutrition, vol. 9, 
23 May 2022, art. 888671.
53.	 Funtikova, Anna N., et al., ‘Impact of Diet 
on Cardiometabolic Health in Children and 
Adolescents’, Nutrition Journal, vol. 14, 14 
Nov. 2015, art. 118. 
54.	 Reilly, J. J., and J. Kelly, ‘Long-Term Impact 
of Overweight and Obesity in Childhood 
and Adolescence on Morbidity and Pre­
mature Mortality in Adulthood: Systematic 
review’, International Journal of Obesity, vol. 
35, no. 7, July 2005, 891–898. 
55.	 Llewellyn, A., et al., ‘Childhood Obesity 
as a Predictor of Morbidity in Adulthood: 
A systematic review and meta-analysis’, 
Obesity Reviews, vol. 17, no. 1, January 
2016, pp. 56-67.
56.	 Brambilla, Ilaria, et al., ‘Obesity and 
COVID-19 in Children and Adolescents: A 
double pandemic’, Acta Bio-medica, vol. 93, 
no. S3, 6 June 2022, art. e2022195.
57.	 La Fauci, Giusy, et al., ‘Obesity and 
COVID-19 in Children and Adolescents: Re­
ciprocal detrimental influence—systematic 
literature review and meta-analysis’, Inter­
national Journal of Environmental Research 
and Public Health, vol. 19, no. 13, 21 June 
2023, art. 7603.
58.	 Russell-Mayhew, Shelly, et al., ‘Mental 
Health, Wellness, and Childhood Over­
weight/Obesity’, Journal of Obesity, vol. 
2012, 24 June 2012, art. 281801.
59.	 An, R., et al., ‘Childhood Obesity and 
School Absenteeism: A systematic review 
and meta-analysis’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 18, 
no. 12, December 2017, pp. 1412–1424.
60.	 Whitaker, R. C., et al., ‘Predicting Obesity 
in Young Adulthood from Childhood and 
Parental Obesity’, New England Journal of 
Medicine, vol. 337, no. 13, 25 September 
1997, 869–873. 
61.	 Patton, George C., et al., ‘Overweight and 
Obesity Between Adolescence and Young 
Adulthood: A 10-year prospective cohort 
study’, Journal of Adolescent Health, vol. 48, 
no. 3, March 2011, pp. 275–280. 
62.	 Simmonds, M., et al., ‘Predicting Adult 
Obesity from Childhood Obesity: A sys­
tematic review and meta-analysis’, Obesity 
Reviews, vol. 17, no. 2, February 2016, pp. 
95–107.
63.	 Ling, Jiying, et al., ‘Economic Burden of 
Childhood Overweight and Obesity: A sys­
tematic review and meta-analysis’, Obesity 
Reviews, vol. 24, no. 2, 2023, art. e13535.
64.	 Pelone, F., et al., ‘Economic Impact of 
Childhood Obesity on Health Systems: A 
systematic review’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 13, 
no. 5, May 2012, pp. 431–440.
65.	 World Obesity Federation, World Obesity 
Atlas 2023, World Obesity Federation, 
London, March 2023.
66.	 Okunogbe, Adeyemi, et al., ‘Economic Im­
pacts of Overweight and Obesity: Current 
and Future Estimates for Eight Countries’, 
British Medical Journal Global Health, vol. 6, 
no. 10, 30 September 2021, art. e006351. 
67.	 Lightwood, James, et al., ‘Forecasting 
the Future Economic Burden of Current 
Adolescent Overweight: An estimate of 
the coronary heart disease policy model’, 
American Journal of Public Health, vol. 99, 
no. 12, December 2009, 2230–2237. 
68.	 Brero, Mauro, et al., ‘Investment Case for 
the Prevention and Reduction of Child­
hood and Adolescent Overweight and 
Obesity in Mexico’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 24, 
no. 9, April 2023, art. e13595.
69.	 Ma, Guansheng, et al., ‘The Return on 
Investment for the Prevention and Treat­
ment of Childhood and Adolescent Over­
weight and Obesity in China: A modelling 
study’, Lancet Regional Health–Western 
Pacific, vol. 43, February 2024, art. 100977.
70.	 Ugaz, Maria Elena, et al., ‘The Case for 
Investment in Nutritional Interventions to 
Prevent and Reduce Childhood and Ado­
lescent Overweight and Obesity in Peru: 
A modelling study’, International Journal 
of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity, 
vol. 21, no. 1, 6 November 2024, art. 127.
71.	 Black, Robert E., et al., ‘Maternal and Child 
Undernutrition and Overweight in Low-In­
come and Middle-Income Countries’, 
Lancet, vol. 382, no. 9890, 3 August 2013, 
pp. 427–451.
98  FEEDING PROFIT
72.	 Anastasiou, Kim, et al., ‘A Conceptual 
Framework for Understanding the Envi­
ronmental Impacts of Ultra-Processed 
Foods and Implications for Sustainable 
Food Systems’, Journal of Cleaner Produc­
tion, vol. 368, 25 September 2022, art. 
133155. 
73.	 Leite, Fernanda Helena Marrocos, et al., 
‘Ultra-Processed Foods Should be Central 
to Global Food Systems Dialogue and Ac­
tion on Biodiversity’, British Medical Journal 
Global Health, vol. 7, no. 3, 2 March 2022, 
art. e008269. 
74.	 Silvia García, Rosario Pastor, et al., 
‘Ultra-Processed Foods Consumption as 
a Promoting Factor of Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions, Water, Energy, and Land Use: 
A longitudinal assessment, Science of the 
Total Environment, vol. 891,15 September 
2023, art. 164417.
75.	 Yates, Joe, et al., ‘A Toxic Relationship: 
Ultra-processed foods and plastics’, Global 
Health, vol. 20, 24 October 2024, art. 74.
76.	 United Nations Children’s Fund, Shifting 
the Narrative: A playbook for effective 
advocacy on the prevention of childhood 
overweight and obesity, UNICEF, New York, 
September 2022.
77.	 Van Tulleken, Chris, Ultra-Processed People, 
Cornerstone Press, London, 2023, pp. 
122–150. 
78.	 Reilly, John J., et al., ‘Physical Activity to 
Prevent Obesity in Young Children: Cluster 
randomised controlled trial’, British Medical 
Journal, vol. 333, no. 7577, 6 October 2006, 
art. 1041. 
79.	 Luke, Amy, and Richard S. Cooper, ‘Phys­
ical Activity Does Not Influence Obesity 
Risk: Time to clarify the public health 
message’, International Journal of Epidemi­
ology, vol. 42, no. 6, December 2013 pp. 
1831–1836. 
80.	 McManus, Alison M., and Robin R. Melleck­
er, ‘Physical Activity and Obese Children’, 
Journal of Sport and Health Science, vol. 1, 
no. 3, December 2012, pp. 141–148.
81.	 Malhotra, A., et al., ‘It is Time to Bust the 
Myth of Physical Inactivity and Obesity: 
You Cannot Outrun a Bad diet’, British 
Journal of Sports Medicine vol. 49, no. 15, 
August 2015, pp. 967–968. 
82.	 Turner, Christopher, et al., ‘Concepts and 
Critical Perspectives for Food Environment 
Research: A global framework with impli­
cations for action in low- and middle-in­
come countries’, Global Food Security, vol. 
18, September 2018, pp. 93–101.
83.	 United Nations Children’s Fund, and the 
Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition, 
Food Systems for Children and Adolescents. 
Working together to secure nutritious diets, 
UNICEF, Florence, 2019.
84.	 Wood, Benjamin, et al., ‘What is the 
Purpose of Ultra-Processed Food? An ex­
ploratory analysis of the financialisation of 
ultra-processed food corporations and im­
plications for public health’, Global Health, 
vol. 19, 13 November 2023, art. 85.
85.	 Baker, Philip, et al., ‘Ultra‐Processed Foods 
and the Nutrition Transition: Global, re­
gional and national trends, food systems 
transformations and political economy 
drivers’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 21, no. 12, 
December 2020, e13126.
86.	 Moodie, Rob, et al., ‘Ultra-Processed Prof­
its: The political economy of countering 
the global spread of ultra-processed 
foods: A synthesis review on the market 
and political practices of transnational 
food corporations and strategic public 
health responses’, International Journal 
of Health Policy and Management, vol. 10, 
no.12, 1 Dec 2021, pp. 968–982.
87.	 Stuckler, David, et al., ‘Manufacturing 
Epidemics: The role of global producers 
in increased consumption of unhealthy 
commodities including processed foods, 
alcohol, and tobacco’, PLoS Medicine, vol. 9, 
no. 6, 25 June 2012, art. e1001235.
88.	 Roberto, Christina A., et al., ‘Patchy 
Progress on Obesity Prevention: Emerging 
examples, entrenched barriers, and new 
thinking’, Lancet, vol. 385, no. 9985, 15 
June 2015, pp. 2400–2409.
89.	 Vilar-Compte, Mireya, et al., ‘Urban Pov­
erty and Nutrition Challenges Associated 
with Accessibility to a Healthy Siet: A 
global systematic literature review’, Inter­
national Journal for Equity in Health vol. 20, 
20 January 2021, art. 40. 
90.	 Hawkes, Corinna, et al., ‘The Full Picture 
of People’s Realities Must be Considered 
to Deliver Better Diets for all’, Nature Food, 
vol. 5, no. 11, November 2024, 894–900.
91.	 Walls, Helen, et al., December 2023, 
‘Health First, Convenience Second: 
Caregiver perspectives of commercially 
produced complementary foods in five 
Southeast Asian capital cities’, Maternal 
& Child Nutrition, vol. 19, suppl. 2, art. 
e13600.
92.	 Ventura, Alison K., and Julie A. Mennella, 
‘Innate and Learned Preferences for Sweet 
Taste During Childhood’, Current Opinion 
in Clinical Nutrition and Metabolic Care, vol. 
14, no. 4, July 2011, pp. 379–84. 
93.	 Carter, Owen B. J., et al., ‘Children’s Under­
standing of the Selling Versus Persuasive 
Intent of Junk Food Advertising: Impli­
cations for regulation’, Social Science & 
Medicine, vol. 72, no. 6, March 2011, pp. 
962–962.
94.	 Leatherman, Thomas L., and Alan Good­
man, ‘Coca-colonization of Diets in the 
Yucatan’, Social science & medicine, vol. 61, 
no. 4, August 2005, 833–846. 
95.	 United Nations Children’s Fund, Nutrition, 
for Every Child: UNICEF Nutrition Strategy 
2030, UNICEF, New York, December 2020.
96.	 World Health Organization, WHO Acceler­
ation Plan to Stop Obesity, WHO, Geneva, 
2023.
97.	 United Nations Children’s Fund, UNICEF 
Guidance on the Prevention of Overweight 
and Obesity in Childhood and Adolescence, 
UNICEF, New York, August 2019.
98.	 United Nations Children’s Fund, UNICEF 
Technical Note on Effective Regulatory 
Approaches to Protect, Support and Promote 
Better Diets and Create Healthy Food Envi­
ronments for Children, UNICEF, New York, 
February 2022.
99.	 World Health Organization, International 
Code of Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes, 
WHO, Geneva, 1981.
100.	World Health Organization, WHO Guidance 
on Ending the Inappropriate Promotion of 
Foods for Infants and Young Children, WHO, 
Geneva, 2017.
101.	World Health Organization, Regulating the 
Digital Marketing of Breast-milk Substi­
tutes, World Health Assembly resolution 
78.18, 27 May 2025. 
102.	World Health Organization, Guidance on 
Regulatory Measures Aimed at Restricting 
Digital Marketing of Breastmilk Substitutes, 
WHO, Geneva, 2023.
103.	World Health Organization, e-Library of 
Evidence for Nutrition Actions, Exclu­
sive Breastfeeding to Reduce the Risk of 
Childhood Overweight and Obesity, WHO, 
Geneva, updated 9 August 2014, <www.
who.int/tools/elena/interventions/breast­
feeding-childhood-obesity>, accessed 17 
April 2025.
104.	World Health Organization, and United 
Nations Children’s Fund, How the Marketing 
of Formula Milk Influences Our Decisions on 
Infant Feeding, WHO and UNICEF, Geneva, 
2022. 
105.	First foods refer to foods fed to infants 
and young children aged 6–35 months.
106.	World Health Organization, Report of the 
Commission on Ending Childhood Obesity, 
WHO, Geneva, 2016.
107.	World Health Organization, Policies to 
Protect Children from the Harmful Impact 
of Food Marketing: WHO guideline, WHO, 
Geneva, 2023.
108.	World Health Organization, and the Unit­
ed Nations Children’s Fund, Taking Action 
to Protect Children from the Harmful Impact 
of Food Marketing: A child rights-based ap­
proach, WHO and UNICEF, Geneva, 2023.
109.	Cairns, Georgina, Kathryn Angus, and 
Gerard Hastings, The Extent, Nature and Ef­
fects of Food Promotion to Children: A review 
of the evidence to December 2008, World 
Health Organization, Geneva, 2009.
110.	World Health Organization, Guiding Prin­
ciples and Framework Manual for Front-of-
Pack Labelling for Promoting Healthy Diets, 
WHO, Geneva, 2019.
111.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Front-of-
Pack Nutrition Labelling of Food and Bever­
ages. Policy brief, UNICEF, New York, 2022.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  99
112.	Shangguan, Siyi et al., ‘A Meta-Analysis of 
Food Labeling Effects on Consumer Diet 
Behaviors and Industry Practices’, Ameri­
can Journal of Preventive Medicine, vol. 56, 
no. 2, February 2020, pp. 300-314. 
113.	World Health Organization, Fiscal Policies 
to Promote Healthy Diets. WHO guideline, 
WHO, Geneva, 2024.
114.	Shekar, Meera, et al., eds., Investment 
Framework for Nutrition 2024. Human De­
velopment Perspectives series, World Bank, 
Washington, D. C., 2024. 
115.	Thow, Anne Marie, et al., ‘Fiscal Policy to 
Improve Diets and Prevent Noncommuni­
cable Diseases: From recommendations to 
action’, Bulletin of the World Health Organi­
zation, vol. 96, no. 3, 5 February 2018, pp. 
201–210.
116.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Sug­
ar-Sweetened Beverage Taxation. Policy brief, 
UNICEF, New York, 2022.
117.	Teng, Andrea M., et al., ‘Impact of Sug­
ar-sweetened Beverage Taxes on Purchas­
es and Dietary Intake: Systematic review 
and meta-analysis’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 20, 
no. 9, 19 June 2019, pp. 1187–1204.
118.	Wright, Alexandra, Katherine E. Smith, 
and Mark Hellowell, ‘Policy Lessons from 
Health Taxes: A systematic review of em­
pirical studies, BMC Public Health, vol. 19, 
no. 1, 19 June 2017, art. 583.
119.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Imple­
menting Taxes on Sugar-Sweetened Beverag­
es: An overview of current approaches and 
the potential benefits for children, UNICEF, 
New York, 2019.
120.	World Health Organization, Reformulation 
of Food and Beverage Products for Heathier 
Diets: Policy brief. WHO, Geneva, 2022.
121.	United Nations, Convention on the Rights 
of the Child, Treaty Series, 1577, United 
Nations, New York, 20 November 1989.
122.	United Nations Children’s Fund, A Child 
Rights-based Approach to Food Marketing. 
A guide for policy makers, UNICEF, Geneva, 
April 2018.
123.	United Nations Children’s Fund, and 
United Nations Special Rapporteur on the 
Right to Food, Protecting Children’s Right to 
a Healthy Food Environment, UNICEF and 
United Nations Human Rights Council, 
Geneva, November 2019.
124.	United Nations Committee on Econom­
ic, Social and Cultural Rights, General 
Comment No. 14: The Right to the 
Highest Attainable Standard of Health 
(E/C.12/2000/4), paras. 33 and 51.
125.	Food, Nutrition and the Right to Health. 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the right 
to everyone to the enjoyment of the highest 
attainable standard of physical and mental 
health (A/78/185), 14 July 2023, para. 61.
126.	Corporate Power and Human Rights in Food 
Systems. Report of the Special Rapporteur on 
the right to food, Michael Fakhri, (A/80/213), 
31 July 2025.
127.	NCD Risk Factor Collaboration, ‘NCD RisC’, 
2025, <www.ncdrisc.org/index>. 
128.	Global Diet Quality Project, ‘DQQ Micro­
data 2021–2024’, Harvard Dataverse V2, 
2024, <https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/
PWWJSA>.
129.	U-Report is UNICEF’s community for 
young people, by young people, where 
they can raise their voices on issues that 
matter, access trusted information and 
take action in their communities. For 
further information, see Annex 2.
130.	Swinburn, Boyd A., et al., ‘The Global Obe­
sity Pandemic: Shaped by global drivers 
and local environments’, Lancet, vol. 378, 
no. 9793, August 2011, pp. 804–814. 
131.	Lobstein, Tim, and Jo Jewell, ‘What is a 
‘High’ Prevalence of Obesity? Two rapid 
reviews and a proposed set of thresholds 
for classifying prevalence levels’, Obesity 
Reviews, vol. 23, no. 2, 28 September 2021, 
art. e13363. 
132.	At the time of this analysis, the 2030 tar­
get for child overweight was proposed to 
be 3 per cent. A new official 2030 target of 
5 per cent was endorsed at the Seven­
ty-eight World Health Assembly in 2025.
133.	Food and Agriculture Organization of the 
United Nations, International Fund for 
Agricultural Organization, United Nations 
Children’s Fund, World Food Programme, 
and World Health Organization, The State 
of Food Security and Nutrition in the World 
2025. Addressing high food price inflation 
for food security and nutrition, FAO, Rome, 
2025. 
134.	Editorial, ‘Childhood Obesity: An emerging 
public-health problem’, Lancet, vol. 357, 
no. 9273, 23 June 2001, p. 1989.
135.	Dinsa, G. D., et al., ‘Obesity and Socioeco­
nomic Status in Developing Countries: A 
systematic review’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 13, 
no. 11, November 2012, pp. 1067–1079.
136.	Dicken, Samuel J., et al., ‘Who Consumes 
Ultra-Processed Food? A systematic 
review of sociodemographic determinants 
of ultra-processed food consumption 
from nationally representative samples’, 
Nutrition Research Reviews, vol. 37, no. 2, 7 
December 2024, pp. 416–456. 
137.	Jaacks, Lindsay M., et al., ‘The Obesity 
Transition: Stages of the global epidem­
ic’, Lancet. Diabetes & Endocrinology, vol. 7, 
no. 3, January 2019, pp. 231–240. 
138.	Barriuso, Laura, et al., ‘Socioeconomic 
Position and Childhood-Adolescent Weight 
Status in Rich Countries: A systematic 
review, 1990–2013’, BMC Pediatrics, vol. 15, 
21 September 2015, art. 29.
139.	Kelly, C. N., et al., ‘Inequalities in Child­
hood Overweight and Obesity: A call 
to strengthen upstream policy mea­
sures’, Public Health in Practice, vol. 10, 27 
June 2025, art. 100637.
140.	Bann, David, et al., ‘Socioeconomic 
Inequalities in Childhood and Adolescent 
Body-Mass Index, Weight, and Height 
from 1953 to 2015: An analysis of four 
longitudinal, observational, British birth 
cohort studies’, Lancet Public Health, vol. 3, 
no. 4, April 2018, e194–e203.
141.	Hager, Erin R., et al., ‘Food Swamps and 
Food Deserts in Baltimore City, MD, USA: 
Associations with dietary behaviours 
among urban adolescent girls’, Public 
Health Nutrition, vol. 20, no. 14, October 
2017, pp. 2598–2607. 
142.	Cooksey-Stowers, Kristen, et al., ‘Food 
Swamps Predict Obesity Rates Better Than 
Food Deserts in the United States’, Inter­
national Journal of Environmental Research 
and Public Health, vol. 14, no. 11, 14 
November 2017, art. 1366.
143.	Marteleto, Letícia J., et al., ‘The Weight of 
Inequality: Socioeconomic Status and Ad­
olescent Body Mass in Brazil’, Social Forces, 
vol. 95, no. 4, June 2017, pp. 1637–1666. 
144.	Hernández-Cordero, S., et al., ‘Overweight 
and Obesity in Mexican Children and 
Adolescents During the Last 25 Years’, Nu­
trition & diabetes, vol. 7, no. 3, 13 March 
2017, art. e247. 
145.	Andretti, Bernardo, et al., ‘Ecological Study 
of the Association Between Socioeconomic 
Inequality and Food Deserts and Swamps 
Around Schools in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil’, 
BMC Public Health, vol. 23, no. 1, 17 January 
2023, art. 120. 
146.	Honório, Olivia Souza, et al., ‘Social 
Inequalities in the Surrounding Areas 
of Food Deserts and Food Swamps in a 
Brazilian Metropolis’, International Journal 
for Equity in Health, vol. 20, no. 1, 21 July 
2021, art. 168. 
147.	Pineda, Elisa, et al., ‘Association of the 
Retail Food Environment, BMI, Dietary 
Patterns, and Socioeconomic Position in 
Urban Areas of Mexico’, PLOS Global Public 
Health, vol. 3, no., 23 February 2023, art. 
e0001069. 
148.	Ramírez-Toscano, Yenisei, et al., ‘Socio­
economic Deprivation and Changes in 
the Retail Food Environment of Mexico 
from 2010 to 2020’, Health & Place, vol. 77, 
September 2022, art. 102865. 
149.	De Sanctis, Vincenzo, et al., ‘Early and 
Long-term Consequences of Nutritional 
Stunting: From childhood to adult­
hood’, Acta Bio-Medica, vol. 92, no. 1, 16 
February 2021, art. e2021168. 
150.	Victora, Cesar G., et al., ‘Maternal and 
Child Undernutrition: Consequences for 
adult health and human capital’, Lancet, 
vol. 371, no. 9609, January 2008, pp. 
340–357.
100  FEEDING PROFIT
151.	Szczudlik, Ewa, et al., ‘The Age of the Obe­
sity Onset is a Very Important Factor for 
the Development of Metabolic Complica­
tions and Cardiovascular Risk in Children 
and Adolescents with Severe Obesity’, 
European Journal of Pediatrics, vol. 183, no. 
9, September 2024, pp. 3833–3841. 
152.	Nordhagen, Stella, et al., ‘Commercial 
Snack Food and Beverage Consumption 
Prevalence among Children 6–59 Months 
in West Africa’, Nutrients, vol. 11, no. 11, 9 
November 2019, art. 2715. 
153.	Pries, Alissa M., et al., ‘Consumption of 
Commercially Produced Snack Foods and 
Sugar‐Sweetened Beverages During the 
Complementary Feeding Period in Four Af­
rican and Asian Urban Contexts’, Maternal 
& Child Nutrition, vol. 13, suppl. 2, October 
2017, art. e12412.
154.	Pries, Alissa M., et al., ‘Snack Food and 
Beverage Consumption and Young Child 
Nutrition in Low- and Middle-income 
countries: A systematic review’, Maternal & 
Child Nutrition, vol. 15, suppl. 4, June 2019, 
art. e12729. 
155.	Popkin, Barry M., and Amos Laar, 
‘Nutrition Transition’s Latest Stage: Are 
ultra-processed food increases in low- and 
middle-income countries dooming our 
preschoolers’ diets and future health?’, Pe­
diatric Obesity, vol. 20, no. 5, May 2025, art. 
e70002. 
156.	Spaniol, Ana Maria, et al., ‘Early Consump­
tion of Ultra-Processed Foods Among 
Children Under 2 years old in Brazil’, Public 
Health Nutrition, vol. 24, no. 11, August 
2021, pp. 3341–3351. 
157.	Marrón-Ponce, Joaquín A., et al., ‘Energy 
Contribution of NOVA Food Groups and 
Sociodemographic Determinants of 
Ultra-Processed Food Consumption in 
the Mexican Population’, Public Health 
Nutrition, vol. 21, no. 1, January 2018, pp. 
87–93. 
158.	Conway, Rana E., et al., ‘Ultra-Pro­
cessed Food Intake in Toddlerhood and 
Mid-Childhood in the UK: Cross sectional 
and longitudinal perspectives’, European 
Journal of Nutrition, vol. 63, no. 8, Decem­
ber 2024, pp. 3149–3160. 
159.	Demmler, Kathrin M., et al., ‘Characteris­
tics of Global Data on Adolescent’s Dietary 
Intake: A systematic scoping review’, Cur­
rent Developments in Nutrition, vol. 8, no. 1, 
1 December 2023, art. 102054. 
160.	Herforth, Anna, et al., ‘Dichotomous 
Healthy Diet Indicators to reflect WHO 
dietary guidance’, Paper presented at the 
23rd International Congress of Nutrition, 
Paris, 27 August 2025.
161.	Marino, Mirko, et al., ‘A Systematic Review 
of Worldwide Consumption of Ultra-Pro­
cessed Foods: Findings and criticisms’, 
Nutrients, vol. 13, no. 8, 13 August 2021, 
art. 2778.
162.	Food and Agriculture Organization of 
the United Nations, Staple Foods: What do 
people eat? FAO, Rome, 2009.
163.	World Health Organization, and United 
Nations Children’s Fund, Indicators for 
Assessing Infant and Young Child Feeding 
Practices: Definitions and measurement 
methods, WHO and UNICEF, Geneva, 2021.
164.	World Health Organization, WHO Guideline 
for Complementary Feeding of Infants and 
Young Children 6–23 Months of Age, WHO, 
Geneva, 2023.
165.	Iannotti, L. L., ‘The Benefits of Animal 
Products for Child Nutrition in Developing 
Countries’, Revue Scientifique et Technique, 
vol. 37, no. 1, August 2018, pp. 37–46.
166.	Headey, Derek D., and Harold H. 
Alderman, ‘The Relative Caloric Prices 
of Healthy and Unhealthy Foods Differ 
Systematically Across Income Levels and 
Continents’, Journal of Nutrition, vol. 149, 
July 2019, pp. 2020–2033.
167.	Food and Agriculture Organization of the 
United Nations, International Fund for 
Agricultural Organization, United Nations 
Children’s Fund, World Food Programme, 
and World Health Organization, The State 
of Food Security and Nutrition in the World 
2023. Urbanization, agrifood systems trans­
formation and healthy diets across the rural–
urban continuum, FAO, Rome, 2023. 
168.	Dzanku, Fred M., Lenis Saweda Onipede 
Liverpool-Tasie, and Thomas Reardon, ‘The 
Importance and Determinants of Purchas­
es in Rural Food Consumption in Africa: 
Implications for food security strategies’, 
Global Food Security, vol. 40, March 2024, 
art. 100739.
169.	Raza, Ahmed, et al., ‘Conceptual Frame­
work of Food Systems for Children and 
Adolescent’, Global Food Security, vol. 27, 
December 2020, art. 100436.
170.	Scapin, Tailane, et al., ‘Global Food Retail 
Environments are Increasingly Dominated 
by Large Chains and Linked to the Rising 
Prevalence of Obesity’, Nature Food, vol. 6, 
no. 3, March 2025, pp. 283–295.
171.	Downs, Shauna M., et al., ‘The Global Food 
Environment Transition Based on the 
Socio-Demographic Index’, Global Food 
Security, vol. 33, June 2022, art. 100632.
172.	Granheim, Sabrina Ionata, et al., ‘Mapping 
the Digital Food Environment: A systemat­
ic scoping review’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 23, 
no. 1, January 2022, art. e13356. 
173.	Popkin, Barry M., & Thomas Reardon, 
‘Obesity and the Food System Transforma­
tion in Latin America’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 
19, no., August 2018, pp. 1028–1064.
174.	Reardon, Thomas, and C. Peter Timmer, 
‘The Economics of the Food System 
Revolution’, Annual Review of Resource 
Economics, vol. 4, 2012, pp. 225–264.
175.	Reardon, Thomas, et al., ‘The Processed 
Food Revolution in African Food Systems 
and the Double Burden of Malnutri­
tion’, Global Food Security, vol. 28, March 
2021, art. 100466. 
176.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Market 
Size Estimates for Unhealthy Food and Bev­
erages in Tanzania: A focus on sales to chil­
dren, UNICEF, Dar es Salaam, forthcoming.
177.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Market 
Size Estimates for Unhealthy Food and 
Beverages in Zimbabwe: A focus on sales to 
children, UNICEF, Harare, forthcoming.
178.	United Nations Children’s Fund, University 
of the Western Cape, and University of 
Dar es Salaam, Analysis of Nutrition Infor­
mation, Nutrition and Health Claims, and 
Marketing Strategies on Packaged Food and 
Beverage Products in Tanzania, UNICEF, Dar 
es Salaam, forthcoming.
179.	United Nations Children’s Fund, University 
of the Western Cape, and University of 
Zimbabwe, Investigating the Nutrition In­
formation, Health and Nutrition Claims, and 
Marketing Information on Packaged Food 
and Beverage Products Sold in Zimbabwe, 
UNICEF, Harare, 2004.
180.	Dunford, Elizabeth K, and Barry M. 
Popkin. ‘Ultra-processed Food for Infants 
and Toddlers; Dynamics of supply and 
demand’, Bulletin of the World Health 
Organization vol. 101 no. 5, May 2023, pp. 
358–360. 
181.	Pries, Alissa M., et al., ‘Ultraprocessing 
and Presence of Additives in Commercially 
Produced Complementary Foods in Seven 
Southeast Asian Countries: A cross-sec­
tional study’, American Journal of Clinical 
Nutrition, vol. 120, no. 2, August 2024, pp. 
310–319.
182.	Hilmers, Angela, et al., ‘Neighborhood 
Disparities in Access to Healthy Foods and 
their Effects on Environmental Justice’, 
American Journal of Public Health, vol. 102, 
no. 9, September 2012, pp. 1644–1654. 
183.	Fraser, Lorna K., et al., ‘The Geography of 
Fast Food Outlets: A review’, International 
Journal of Environmental Research and 
Public Health, vol. 7, no. 5, May 2010, pp. 
2290–2308. 
184.	Ramírez-Toscano, Yenisei, et al., ‘Socio­
economic Deprivation and Changes in 
the Retail Food Environment of Mexico 
from 2010 to 2020’, Health & Place, vol. 77, 
September 2022, art. 102865. 
185.	Duran, Ana Clara, et al., ‘Neighborhood 
Socioeconomic Characteristics and 
Differences in the Availability of Healthy 
Food Stores and Restaurants in Sao Paulo, 
Brazil’, Health & Place, vol. 23, September 
2013, pp. 39–47. 
186.	Cameron, Adrian J., et al., ‘Variation in 
Supermarket Exposure to Energy-Dense 
Snack Foods by Socio-economic Position’, 
Public Health Nutrition, vol. 16, no. 7, July 
2013, pp 1178–1185.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  101
187.	United Nations Children’s Fund Regional 
Office for Latin America and the Carib­
bean, Childhood Overweight and the Retail 
Environment in Latin America and the Ca­
ribbean: Synthesis report, UNICEF, Panama 
City, September 2019.
188.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Healthier Food Retail 
Environments for Children: Food retail trends 
in China and options for actions, Deakin 
University and UNICEF, Beijing, January 
2023.
189.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Healthier Food Retail 
Environments for Children: Food retail trends 
in Indonesia and options for actions, Deakin 
University and UNICEF, Jakarta, January 
2023.
190.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Healthier Food Retail Envi­
ronments for Children: Food retail trends in 
Philippines and options for actions, Deakin 
University and UNICEF, Manila, January 
2023.
191.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Healthier Food Retail 
Environments for Children: Food retail trends 
in Thailand and options for actions, Deakin 
University and UNICEF, Bangkok, January 
2023.
192.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Mapping Analysis of the 
Food Retail Market in China, Deakin Univer­
sity and UNICEF, Beijing, March 2023.
193.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Mapping Analysis of the 
Food Retail Market in Indonesia, Deakin Uni­
versity and UNICEF, Jakarta, March 2023.
194.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Mapping Analysis of the 
Food Retail Market in Philippines, Deakin 
University and UNICEF, Manila, March 2023.
195.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Mapping Analysis of the 
Food Retail Market in Thailand, Deakin Uni­
versity and UNICEF, Bangkok, March 2023.
196.	Deakin University, and United Nations 
Children’s Fund, Food Retail Marketing Envi­
ronments in Europe and Central Asia with a 
focus on Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, and North 
Macedonia, UNICEF Europe and Central 
Asia Regional Office, Geneva, 2025.
197.	Food and Agriculture Organization of the 
United Nations, International Fund for 
Agricultural Organization, United Nations 
Children’s Fund, World Food Programme, 
and World Health Organization, The State 
of Food Security and Nutrition in the World 
2025. Addressing high food price inflation 
for food security and nutrition, FAO, Rome, 
2025. 
198.	Northcott, Tanita, et al., ‘Ecological Regu­
lation for Healthy and Sustainable Food 
Systems: Responding to the global rise 
of ultra-processed foods’, Agriculture and 
Human Values, vol. 40, 13 January 2023, pp. 
1333–1358. 
199.	Franck, Caroline et al., ‘Agricultural Subsi­
dies and the American Obesity Epidemic’. 
American Journal of Preventive Medicine, vol. 
45, no. 3, September 2013, pp. 327-333. 
200.	Video documentation of conversations 
with children, adolescents, young adults, 
parents, family members, teachers and 
community members on their experiences 
of unhealthy food environments in the 
Chile, Dominican Republic, Kenya, India, 
Iraq, the Maldives, the Federated States 
of Micronesia, Nepal, Panama, Peru, the 
Philippines, South Africa, Uganda and Viet 
Nam, 2023–2024.
201.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Young 
People’s Perspectives on Food Environments 
and Food Choices in South Asia, UNICEF 
Regional Office for South Asia, Kathman­
du, August 2024.
202.	Driessen, C. E., et al., ‘Effect of Changes to 
the School Food Environment on Eating 
Behaviours and/or Body Weight in Chil­
dren: A systematic review’, Obesity Reviews, 
vol. 15, 2014, pp. 968–982.
203.	Global Child Nutrition Foundation, School 
Meal Programs Around the World: Results 
from the 2024 global survey of school meal 
programs, GCNF, February 2025.
204.	Onufrak, Stephen J., et al., ‘Perceptions of 
Tap Water and School Water Fountains 
and Association with Intake of Plain Water 
and Sugar-Sweetened Beverages’, Journal 
of School Health, vol. 84, no. 3, March 2014, 
pp. 195–204. 
205.	The Conversation, ‘Children Drink Sweet 
Drinks When They Lack Clean Drinking 
Water’, 23 July 2019, <https://thecon­
versation.com/children-drink-sweet-
drinks-when-they-lack-clean-drinking-wa­
ter-120764>, accessed 29 May 2025.
206.	Lapierre, Matthew A., et al., ‘The Effect 
of Advertising on Children and Ado­
lescents’, Pediatrics, vol. 140, suppl. 2, 
November 2017, pp. S152-S156. 
207.	Connell, Paul M., Merrie Brucks, and Jes­
per H. Nielsen, ‘How Childhood Advertis­
ing Exposure Can Create Biased Product 
Evaluations That Persist into Adulthood’, 
Journal of Consumer Research, vol. 41, no. 
1, 1 June 2014, pp. 119–134.
208.	Calvert, Sandra L., ‘Children as Consumers: 
Advertising and marketing’, Future Child, 
vol. 18, no. 1, 2008, pp. 205–234.
209.	Bruce, Norris I., Kay Peters, and Prasad A. 
Naik, ‘Discovering How Advertising Grows 
Sales and Builds Brands’, Journal of Mar­
keting Research, vol. 49, no. 6, December 
2012, pp. 793–806.
210.	United Nations Children’s Fund, A Child 
Rights-Based Approach to Food Marketing: A 
guide for policy makers, UNICEF, New York, 
April 2018.
211.	Tatlow-Golden, Mimi, and Amandine 
Garde, ‘Digital Food Marketing to Children: 
Exploitation, surveillance and rights 
violations’, Global Food Security, vol. 27. 
December 2020, art. 100423.
212.	Rozendaal, Esther, Moniek Buijzen, and 
Patti Valkenburg, ‘Comparing Children’s 
and Adults’ Cognitive Advertising Compe­
tences in the Netherlands’, Journal of Chil­
dren and Media, vol. 4, no. 1, 08 February 
2010, pp. 77–89. 
213.	Packer, Jessica, et al., ‘Advertising and 
Young People’s Critical Reasoning Abilities: 
Systematic review and meta-analysis’, 
Pediatrics, vol. 150, no. 6, December 2022, 
art. e2022057780. 
214.	Carroll, Jennifer E., et al., ‘Children’s Per­
ception of Food Marketing Across Digital 
Media Platforms’, American Journal of 
Preventive Medicine Focus, vol. 3, no. 3, 11 
February 2024, art. 100205. 
215.	Driessen, Christine, et al., ‘Parents’ Percep­
tions of Children’s Exposure to Unhealthy 
Food Marketing: A narrative review of the 
literature’, Current Nutrition Reports, vol. 
11, no. 1, March 2022, pp. 9–18. 
216.	McDermott, Laura, et al., ‘International 
Food Advertising, Pester Power and its 
Effects’, International Journal of Advertis­
ing, vol. 25, no. 4, 07 January 2015, pp. 
513–539. 
217.	Blankenship, Jessica L., et al., ‘First foods 
in a packaged world: Results from the 
COMMIT consortium to protect young 
child diets in Southeast Asia’, Maternal & 
Child Nutrition, vol. 19, suppl. 2, December 
2023, art. e13604. 
218.	Garcia, Ada Lizbeth, et al., ‘Survey of 
Emotional Themes Used in Marketing of 
Commercial Baby Foods in the UK-Impli­
cations for Nutrition Promotion in Early 
Childhood’, International Journal of Environ­
mental Research and Public Health, vol. 21, 
no. 3, 23 February 2024, art. 258. 
219.	Soares Guimarães, Julia, et al., ‘The Rela­
tionship Between Parent’s Self-Reported 
Exposure to Food Marketing and Child and 
Parental Purchasing and Consumption 
Outcomes in Five Countries: Findings from 
the International Food Policy Study’, Jour­
nal of Nutritional Science, vol. 12, 7 Decem­
ber 2023, art. e123. 
220.	Bassetti, Eleonora, et al., ‘Benchmarking 
the Nutrient Composition and Labelling 
Practices of Dry or Instant Cereals for 
Older Infants and Young Children Across 
Seven Southeast Asian Countries’, Ma­
ternal & Child Nutrition, vol. 19 (Suppl. 2), 
December 2023, art. e13603.
221.	Bassetti, Eleonora, et al., ‘Benchmarking 
the Nutrient Composition and Labelling 
Practices of Commercially Produced 
Ready-to-Eat Purées and Meals for Older 
Infants and Young Children Across Seven 
Southeast Asian countries’, Maternal & 
Child Nutrition, vol. 19 (Suppl. 2), Decem­
ber 2023, art. e13585. 
102  FEEDING PROFIT
222.	Pries, Alissa M., et al., ‘Benchmarking the 
Nutrient Composition and Labelling Prac­
tices of Finger Foods and Snacks for Older 
Infants and Young Children Across Seven 
Southeast Asian Countries’, Maternal & 
Child Nutrition, vol. 19 (Suppl. 2), Decem­
ber 2023, art. e13598.
223.	United Nations Children’s Fund, The 
Nutritional Content and Nutrition and Health 
Claims on Commercially Produced Com­
plementary Foods in Kenya, South Africa, 
Tanzania and Zimbabwe, UNICEF Eastern 
and Southern Africa Regional Office, 
Nairobi, in press.
224.	Boyland, Emma J., et al., ‘Advertising as a 
Cue to Consume: A systematic review and 
meta-analysis of the effects of acute expo­
sure to unhealthy food and nonalcoholic 
beverage advertising on intake in children 
and adults’, American Journal of Clinical 
Nutrition, vol. 103, no. 2, February 2016, 
pp. 519–533. 
225.	Sadeghirad, B., et al., ‘Influence of Un­
healthy Food and Beverage Marketing on 
Children’s Dietary Intake and Preference: 
A systematic review and meta-analysis of 
randomized trials’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 17, 
no. 10, October 2016, pp. 945–959. 
226.	Folkvord, Frans, and Jonathan van’t Riet, 
‘The Persuasive Effect of Advergames 
Promoting Unhealthy Foods Among Chil­
dren: A meta-analysis’, Appetite, vol. 129, 
October 2018, pp. 245–251. 
227.	Russell, Simon J., Helen Croker, and Russell 
M. Viner, ‘The Effect of Screen Advertising 
on Children’s Dietary Intake: A systematic 
review and meta-analysis’, Obesity Reviews, 
vol. 20, no. 4, April 2019, pp. 554–568. 
228.	Smith, Rachel, et al., ‘Food Marketing 
Influences Children’s Attitudes, Preferenc­
es and Consumption: A systematic critical 
review’, Nutrients, vol. 11, no. 4, 18 April 
2019, art. 875. 
229.	Boyland, Emma, et al., ‘Association of Food 
and Nonalcoholic Beverage Marketing 
with Children and Adolescents’ Eating 
Behaviors and Health: A systematic review 
and meta-analysis’, Journal of the Americal 
Medial Association Pediatrics, vol. 176, no. 
7, July 2022, art. e221037. 
230.	Bagnato, Mariangela, et al., ‘The Impact of 
Fast Food Marketing on Brand Preferenc­
es and Fast Food Intake of Youth Aged 
10–17 Across Six Countries’, BMC Public 
Health, vol. 23, no. 1, 27 July 2023, art. 
1436. 
231.	Qutteina, Yara, et al., ‘Media Food 
Marketing and Eating Outcomes Among 
Pre-adolescents and Adolescents: A sys­
tematic review and meta-analysis’, Obesity 
Reviews, vol. 20, no. 12, December 2019, 
pp. 1708–1719. 
232.	Fretes, Gabriela, et al., ‘Digital Marketing 
of Unhealthy Foods and Non-alcoholic 
Beverages to Children and Adolescents: 
A narrative review’, Current Developments 
in Nutrition, vol. 9, no. 2, 13 January 2025, 
art. 104545. 
233.	Evans, Rebecca K, et al., ‘A Systematic 
Review and Meta-Analysis of the Effect of 
Digital Game-Based or Influencer Food 
and Non-Alcoholic Beverage Marketing 
on Children and Adolescents: Exploring 
hierarchy of effects outcomes’, Obesity 
Reviews, vol. 24, no. 12, December 2023, 
art. e13630. 
234.	Millstein, Rachel A., and James F. Sallis, 
‘Youth Advocacy for Obesity Preven­
tion: The next wave of social change for 
health’, Translational Behavioral Medicine, 
vol. 1, no. 3, July 2011, pp. 497–505. 
235.	United Nations Children’s Fund, 
Sweet-Sounding Adverts that Leave a Sour 
Taste: Social-media marketing of unhealthy 
food to children in East Asia and Pacific, 
UNICEF East Asia and the Pacific Regional 
Office, Bangkok, November 2021.
236.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Children 
and Adolescents’ Exposure to Food and 
Beverage Digital Marketing in Argentina, 
UNICEF, Buenos Aires, May 2021.
237.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Investi­
gación Exploratoria para Colombia sobre la 
Promoción y Publicidad de Alimentos y Bebi­
das no Saludables Dirigida a Niñas, Niños y 
Adolescentes, UNICEF, Bogotá, 2023.
238.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Digital 
Marketing of Unhealthy Foods and Beverag­
es Directed to Children and Adolescents in 
Latin America and the Caribbean, UNICEF, 
Panama City, 2023.
239.	Nieto, Claudia, et al., ‘Digital Food and 
Beverage Marketing Appealing to Children 
and Adolescents: An emerging challenge 
in Mexico’, Pediatric Obesity, vol. 18, no. 7, 
July 2023, art. e13036. 
240.	Guo, Isabella Jiaqi, et al., ‘The Use of Social 
Media to Promote Unhealthy Food and 
Beverage Consumption among Indone­
sian Children’, BMC Nutrition, vol. 11, no. 1, 
21 March 2025, art. 57. 
241.	Heart Lung Foundation, and United Na­
tions Children’s Fund, In Your Face. About 
the food environment of children and their 
exposure to food advertisements, Heart 
Lung Foundation, November 2022.
242.	Harris, Jennifer L., et al., Evidence-Based 
Recommendations to Mitigate Harms from 
Digital Food Marketing to Children Ages 
2-17, Healthy Eating Research, Durham, N. 
C., October 2024.
243.	Driessen, Christine, et al., ‘Contemporary 
Digital Marketing Techniques Used in 
Unhealthy Food Campaigns Targeting 
Young People’, Appetite, vol. 211, July 2025, 
art. 107989. 
244.	Boyland, Emma, et al., ‘Unhealthy Food 
and Beverage Marketing to Children in 
the Digital Age: Global research and policy 
challenges and priorities’, Annual Review of 
Nutrition, vol. 44, no. 1, August 2024, pp. 
471–497. 
245.	Mc Carthy, Catherine M., et al., ‘The 
Influence of Unhealthy Food and Beverage 
Marketing Through Social Media and 
Advergaming on Diet-Related Outcomes 
in Children: A systematic review’, Obesity 
Reviews, vol. 23, no. 6, June 2022, art. 
e13441. 
246.	World Advertising Research Centre, ‘Global 
Ad Trends: Social media reaches new 
peaks’, <www.warc.com/content/paywall/
article/warc-data/global-ad-trends-social-
media-reaches-new-peaks/en-gb/155614>, 
accessed 24 June 2025. 
247.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Digital 
Marketing of Unhealthy Foods and Beverag­
es Directed to Children and Adolescents in 
Latin America and the Caribbean, UNICEF, 
Panama City, 2023.
248.	Data Reportal, ‘Digital 2021: Kenya’, 15 
February 2022, <https://datareportal.com/
reports/digital-2021-kenya?rq=kenya>, 
accessed 12 July 2025.
249.	Data Reportal, ‘Digital 2025: Kenya’, 3 
March 2025, < https://datareportal.com/
reports/digital-2025-kenya>, accessed 12 
July 2025.
250.	United States International University 
Africa, SIMELab, The Kenyan Social Media 
Landscape: Trends and emerging narratives 
2020, USIU Africa, Nairobi, 2020. 
251.	Ojiambo, et al., ‘Food Marketing on 
Instagram in Kenya: Nutrient profiles and 
marketing strategies of brands and influ­
encers’, manuscript under review. 
252.	Data Indonesia, ‘Remaja Paling Banyak 
Gunakan Internet di Indonesia pada 2022 
(Teenagers are the Most Internet Users 
in Indonesia in 2022)’, Data Indonesia, 
13 June 2022, <https://dataindonesia.id/
internet/detail/remaja-paling-banyak-gu­
nakan-internet-di-indonesia-pada-2022>, 
accessed 12 July 2025. 
253.	National Institute of Statistics and Geog­
raphy, Government of Mexico, Encuesta 
Nacional Sobre Disponibilidad y Uso de Tec­
nologías de la Informacion en los Hogares 
(National Survey on the Availability and Use 
of Information Technologies in Households, 
2019’, National Institute of Statistics and 
Geography, 2019.
254.	Data Reportal, ‘Digital 2025: Philippines’, 
25 February 2025, <https://datareportal.
com/reports/digital-2025-philippines>, 
accessed 14 July 2025.
255.	 United Nations Children’s Fund, Unhealthy 
Digital Food Marketing to Children in the 
Philippines, UNICEF, Manilla, May 2021.
256.	Data Reportal, ‘Digital 2025: Uganda’, 3 
March 2025, <https://datareportal.com/
reports/digital-2025-uganda>, accessed 14 
July 2025.
257.	Uganda Communications Commission, 
Ugandan Children’s Online Survey 2020: Fi­
nal Report, UCC, Kampala, 31 August 2020.
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  103
258.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Digital in­
fluence: Analyzing the landscape of food and 
beverage marketing by children’s favoured 
brands and influencers in Tanzania, Uganda 
and Zimbabwe, UNICEF Eastern and 
Southern Africa Regional Office, Nairobi, 
in press.
259.	Monteiro, Carlos A., and Geoffrey Cannon, 
‘The Impact of Transnational ‘Big Food’ 
Companies on the South: A view from 
Brazil’, PLoS Medicine, vol. 9, no. 7, 2012, 
art. e1001252. 
260.	Wood, Benjamin, et al., ‘What is the 
Purpose of Ultra-Processed Food? An ex­
ploratory analysis of the financialisation of 
ultra-processed food corporations and im­
plications for public health’, Globalization 
and Health, vol. 19, no. 1, 13 November 
2023, art. 85.
261.	Baker Philip, et al., ‘Towards Unified 
Global Action on Ultra-Processed Foods: 
Understanding commercial determinants, 
countering corporate power, and mobiliz­
ing a public health response’, Lancet, 2025, 
in press.
262.	Slater, Scott, et al., ‘Corporate Interest 
Groups and Their Implications for Global 
Food Governance: Mapping and analysing 
the global corporate influence network 
of the transnational ultra-processed food 
industry’, Globalization and Health, vol. 20, 
no.1, February 2024, art. 16.
263.	Nestle, Marion, Unsavory Truth: How food 
companies skew the science of what we eat, 
Basic Books, New York, 2018.
264.	Slater, Scott, et al., ‘The Rise of Multi-Stake­
holderism, the Power of Ultra-Processed 
Food Corporations, and the Implications 
for Global Food Governance: A network 
analysis’, Agriculture and Human Values, 
vol. 42, no. 1, 11 June 2024, pp. 177–192.
265.	Garton, Kelly, et al., ‘International Trade 
and Investment Agreements as Barriers 
to Food Environment Regulation for Public 
Health Nutrition: A realist review’, In­
ternational journal of health policy and 
management vol. 10, no., 12, 1 December 
2021, pp. 745–765. 
266.	Garton, Kelly, et al., ‘Who Influences 
Nutrition Policy Space Using International 
Trade and Investment Agreements? A 
global stakeholder analysis’, Globalization 
and Health, vol. 17, no. 1, 2 October 2021, 
art. 118.
267.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Key Bar­
riers to Food Marketing Regulation. Global 
survey of 24 countries, UNICEF, New York, 
March 2023.
268.	Gilmore, Anna B, et al., ‘Defining and 
Conceptualising the Commercial Deter­
minants of Health’, Lancet, vol. 401, no. 
10383, April 2023, pp. 1194–1213. 
269.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Protecting 
Infant and Young Child Nutrition from In­
dustry Interference and Conflicts of Interest, 
UNICEF, New York, 2023.
270.	World Cancer Research Fund Interna­
tional, Building Momentum: Lessons on 
implementing robust restrictions of food 
and non-alcoholic beverage marketing to 
children, 2020, available at <wcrf.org/build­
ingmomentum>.
271.	World Cancer Research Fund Interna­
tional, Building Momentum: Lessons on 
implementing a robust front-of-pack food 
label, 2019, available at <wcrf.org/building 
momentum>.
272.	World Cancer Research Fund Interna­
tional, Building Momentum: Lessons on 
implementing a robust sugar sweetened 
beverage tax, 2018, available at <www.wcrf.
org/buildingmomentum>.
273.	Global Health Advocacy Incubator, Mar­
keting Exposed: A global public health threat 
for food policy, Global Health Advocacy 
Incubator, November 2022, available at 
<https://UPPindustrywatch.net>.
274.	Global Health Advocacy Incubator, Behind 
the Labels: Big food’s war on healthy food 
policies, Global Health Advocacy Incubator, 
November 2021, available at <https://UP­
Pindustrywatch.net>.
275.	Global Health Advocacy Incubator, Sweet­
ened Profits: The industry’s playbook to fight 
sweetened beverage taxes, Global Health 
Advocacy Incubator, June 2024, available 
at <https://UPPindustrywatch.net>.
276.	Nixon, Laura, et al., ‘‘We’re Part of the Solu­
tion’: Evolution of the food and beverage 
industry’s framing of obesity concerns 
between 2000 and 2012’, American Journal 
of Public Health, vol. 105, no. 11, November 
2015, pp. 2228–2236. 
277.	Gillespie, Stuart, Food Fight. From plunder 
and profit to people and planet, Canongate 
Books Ltd., Edinburgh, pp. 151–175.
278.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Countering 
Industry Arguments against Code Implemen­
tation: Evidence and rights-based responses, 
UNICEF, New York, August 2024.
279.	Moodie, Rob, et al., ‘Profits and Pan­
demics: Prevention of harmful effects of 
tobacco, alcohol, and ultra-processed food 
and drink industries’, Lancet, vol. 381, no. 
9867, February 2013, pp. 670–679. 
280.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Engag­
ing with the Food and Beverage Industry: 
UNICEF programme guidance, UNICEF, New 
York, June 2023.
281.	Wood, Benjamin, et al., ‘Behind the 
‘Creative Destruction’ of Human Diets: An 
analysis of the structure and dynamics 
of the ultra-processed food manufactur­
ing industry and implications for public 
health’, Journal of Agrarian Change, vol. 33, 
no. 4, October 2023, pp. 811–843.
282.	United Nations Children’s Fund, First Foods 
Africa. Addressing child food poverty and 
malnutrition, UNICEF, New York, June 2024.
283.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Advancing 
Large Scale Food Fortification: UNICEF’s 
vision and approach, UNICEF, New York, 
November 2021.
284.	Collin, Jeff, et al., Signalling Virtue, Promot­
ing Harm: Unhealthy commodity industries 
and COVID-19, NCD Alliance, NCD Alliance 
and SPECTRUM, September 2020.
285.	Global Health Advocacy Incubator, Facing 
Two Pandemics. How big food undermined 
public health in the era of COVID-19, No­
vember 2020.
286.	United Nations Children’s Fund South 
Africa, Optimising the National School 
Nutrition Programme to Support Nutritious 
Meal Provisioning and Safeguard Against 
Unhealthy Diets, UNICEF South Africa, 
Pretoria, forthcoming.
287.	Nieto, Claudia, et al., ‘Unhealthy food: 
The beverage industry’s digital media 
campaign to stop the approval of the 
front-of-package labelling system in Mex­
ico’, Economic & Social Rights Review, no. 4, 
2022, pp. 13–20.
288.	White, Mariel, et al., ‘Good Deeds and 
Cheap Marketing: The food industry in the 
time of COVID-19’, Obesity, vol. 28, no. 9, 
22 May 22020, pp. 1578–1579. 
289.	FoodFirst Information and Action Net­
work International, Food Crisis Response 
Entrenches Corporate Influence, FIAN Inter­
national, October 2022. 
290.	OFM, ‘McDonald’s Is Giving Back’, 14 
July 2022, < www.ofm.co.za/article/busi­
ness/316783/mcdonald-s-is-giving-back>, 
accessed 15 June 2025. 
291.	World Instant Noodles Association, 
‘Emergency Food Aid’, <https://instantnoo­
dles.org/en/sustainability/emergency>, 
accessed 01 June 2025.
292.	Healthy Caribbean Coalition, Safeguarding 
Public Health Nutrition in the Caribbean 
During Emergencies: Guidelines for manag­
ing donations from the commercial sector 
for civil society organizations, governments, 
disaster relief organizations, executive agen­
cies and the commercial sector, The Healthy 
Caribbean Coalition, November 2024.
293.	Antúnez, Lucía, et al., ‘COVID-Washing of 
Ultra-Processed Products: The content of 
digital marketing on Facebook during the 
COVID-19 pandemic in Uruguay’, Public 
Health Nutrition, vol. 24, no. 5, April 2021, 
pp. 1142–1152. 
294.	See Annex 2 for the set of policies and 
sources of data.
295.	Gressier, Mathilde, et al., ‘The Effective­
ness of Mandatory v. Voluntary Food 
Reformulation Policies: A rapid review’, 
British Journal of Nutrition, vol. 133, no. 6, 
March 2025, pp. 737–750. 
104  FEEDING PROFIT
296.	Hammond, David, et al., ‘Awareness, Use 
and Understanding of Nutrition Labels 
Among Children and Youth from Six 
Countries: Findings from the 2019–2020 
International Food Policy Study’, Interna­
tional Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and 
Physical Activity, vol. 20, no. 1, 4 May 2023, 
art. 55. 
297.	Khan Rida, et al., ‘Food Advertisement 
and Marketing Policies Aimed at Reducing 
Childhood Obesity: A review of existing 
regulations in high-income countries’, 
Public Health Reviews, vol. 45, December 
2024, art. 1607103. 
298.	Erzse, Agnes, et al., ‘A Realist Review of 
Voluntary Actions by the Food and Bever­
age Industry and Implications for Public 
Health and Policy in Low- and Middle-In­
come Countries’, Nature Food, vol. 3, no. 8, 
August 2022, pp. 650–663. 
299.	Lee, Amanda J. et al., ‘Achieving Food 
System Transformation: Insights from a 
Retrospective Review of Nutrition Policy 
(In)Action in High-Income Countries’, 
International Journal of Health Policy and 
Management vol. 10, no. 12, December 
2021, pp. 766–783. 
300.	Nobles, James, et al., ‘Understanding 
How Local Authorities in England Address 
Obesity: A wider determinants of health 
perspective’, Health Policy, vol. 123, no. 10, 
October 2019, pp. 998–1003. 
301.	Nobles, James, et al., ‘A Secondary Analysis 
of the Childhood Obesity Prevention 
Cochrane Review Through a Wider Deter­
minants of Health Lens: Implications for 
research funders, researchers, policy­
makers and practitioners’, International 
Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical 
Activity, vol. 18, no. 1, 10 February 2021, 
art. 22. 
302.	Corvalán, Camila, et al., ‘Structural 
Responses to the Obesity and Non-Com­
municable Diseases Epidemic: Update 
on the Chilean law of food labelling and 
advertising’, Obesity Reviews, vol. 20, no. 3, 
March 2019, pp. 367–374. 
303.	Rivera, Juan A, et al., ‘Perspective: Mexi­
co’s Experience in Building a Toolkit for 
Obesity and Noncommunicable Diseases 
Prevention’, Advances in Nutrition, vol. 15, 
no. 3, March 2024, art. 100180. 
304.	Rivera Dommarco, Juan A., et al., ‘The Role 
of Public Nutrition Research Organizations 
in the Construction, Implementation and 
Evaluation of Evidence-Based Nutrition 
Policy: Two national experiences in Mexi­
co’, Nutrients, vol. 11, no. 3, 12 March 2019, 
art. 594. 
305.	James, Erin, Martin Lajous, and Michael 
R. Reich, ‘The Politics of Taxes for Health: 
An analysis of the passage of the sug­
ar-sweetened beverage tax in Mexico’, 
Health Systems & Reform, vol. 6, no. 1., 11 
February 2020, art. e1669122. 
306.	Todd, Allyson R., et al., ‘How Are Adoles­
cents Participating in the Transformation 
of Healthy Food Environments? A scoping 
review of empirical research’, Obesity Re­
views, 24 July 2025, doi: 10.1111/obr.70002. 
307.	United Nations Children’s Fund, ‘Fix My 
Food’, <www.unicef.org/nutrition/fix-my-
food>.
308.	Corvalán, C., et al., ‘Structural Responses 
to the Obesity and Non-Communicable 
Diseases Epidemic: The Chilean Law of 
Food Labeling and Advertising’, Obesity 
Reviews, vol. 14, suppl. 2, November 2013, 
pp. 79–87. 
309.	World Health Organization, and the 
United Nations Children’s Fund, Marketing 
of Breast-milk Substitutes: National imple­
mentation of the International Code, status 
report 2024, WHO and UNICEF, 2024.
310.	Ministry of Public Health, Republic of 
Lebanon, Law 47/2008 on Organizing 
the Marketing of Infant and Young Child 
Feeding Products and Tools, <https://www.
moph.gov.lb/userfiles/files/HealthCare­
System/Mother%26ChildHealth/Baby%20
Friendly%20Hospital%20Initiative/Law47-
2008.pdf>, accessed 04 August 2025.
311.	Government of Spain, ‘Royal Decree 
315/2025, of April 15, Establishing Reg­
ulations for the Implementation of Law 
17/2011, of July 5, on Food Safety and 
Nutrition, for the Promotion of Healthy 
and Sustainable Nutrition in Educational 
Centres’, April 2025, <www.boe.es/dia­
rio_boe/txt.php?id=BOE-A-2025-7659>, 
accessed 15 August 2025.
312.	Dillman Carpentier, F. R., et al., ‘Restricting 
Child-Directed Ads is Effective, But Adding 
a Time-Based Ban is Better: Evaluating a 
multi-phase regulation to protect children 
from unhealthy food marketing on tele­
vision’, International Journal of Behavioral 
Nutrition and Physical Activity, vol. 20, no. 1, 
May 2023, art. 62. 
313.	Taillie, Lindsey Smith, et al., ‘Changes in 
Food Purchases After the Chilean Policies 
on Food Labelling, Marketing, and Sales in 
Schools: A before and after study’, Lancet. 
Planetary Health, vol. 5, no. 8, August 2021, 
pp. e526–e533. 
314.	Taillie, Lindsey Smith, et al., ‘Decreases in 
Purchases of Energy, Sodium, Sugar, and 
Saturated Fat 3 Years After Implemen­
tation of the Chilean Food Labeling and 
Marketing Law: An interrupted time series 
analysis’, PLoS Medicine, vol. 21, no. 9, 27 
September 2024, art. e1004463. 
315.	World Health Organization, Countdown to 
2023: WHO report on global trans-fat elimi­
nation 2022, WHO, Geneva, 2023.
316.	Correa, Teresa, et al., ‘Responses to the 
Chilean Law of Food Labeling and Adver­
tising: Exploring knowledge, perceptions 
and behaviors of mothers of young 
children’, International Journal of Behavioral 
Nutrition and Physical Activity, vol. 16, no. 1, 
13 February 2019, art. 21.
317.	Taillie, Lindsey Smith, et al., ‘An Evalu­
ation of Chile’s Law of Food Labeling 
and Advertising on Sugar-Sweetened 
Beverage Purchases from 2015 to 2017: A 
before-and-after study’, PLoS Medicine, vol. 
17, no. 2 11 February 2020, art. e1003015. 
318.	Rebolledo, Natalia, et al., ‘Changes in the 
Critical Nutrient Content of Packaged 
Foods and Beverages After the Full Imple­
mentation of the Chilean Food Labelling 
and Advertising Law: A repeated cross-sec­
tional study’, BMC Medicine, vol. 23, no. 1, 
27 January 2025, art. 46. 
319.	Bell, Colin, et al., ‘Fruit and Vegetable 
Import Duty Reduction in Fiji to Prevent 
Obesity and Non-Communicable Diseases: 
A case study’, Public Health Nutrition, vol. 
23, no. 1, January 2020, pp. 181–188.
320.	Stacey, Nicholas, et al., ‘Changes in Bever­
age Purchases Following the Announce­
ment and Implementation of South 
Africa’s Health Promotion Levy: An obser­
vational study’, Lancet Planetary Health, 
vol. 5, no. 4, April 2021, art. e200–e208.
321.	National Treasury, Republic of South 
Africa, ‘Budget Review 2020’, 26 February 
2020, <www.treasury.gov.za/documents/
national%20budget/2020/review/fullbr.
pdf>, accessed 12 August 2025. 
322.	Popkin, Barry M., et al., ‘Towards Uni­
fied and Impactful Policies to Reduce 
Ultra-processed Food Consumption and 
Promote Healthier Eating’, Lancet Diabetes 
& Endocrinology, vol. 9, no. 7, July 2021, pp. 
462–470. 
323.	Ministry of Health of Brazil, Guia Alimentar 
Para a População Brasileira (Dietary Guide­
lines for the Brazilian Population), Ministry 
of Health of Brazil, Brasília, 2014. 
324.	Oliveira, Mayara Sanay da Silva, and Ligia 
Amparo-Santos, ‘Food-Based Dietary 
Guidelines: A comparative analysis 
between the dietary guidelines for the 
Brazilian population 2006 and 2014’, Public 
Health Nutrition, vol. 21, no. 1, January 
2018, pp. 210–217. 
325.	Jaime, Patricia Constante, and Murilo 
Bomfim Lobo Braga, ‘Ten years of the 
Dietary Guidelines for the Brazilian Pop­
ulation: History, science and policy’, Epi­
demiologia e Dervicos de Saude, vol. 34, 31 
March 2025, art. e20240267.
326.	Ministry of Health of Brazil, Guia alimentar 
para crianças brasileiras menores de 2 anos 
(Dietary guidelines for Brazilian children 
under 2 years of age), Ministry of Health of 
Brasil, Brasília, 2019.
327.	Global Health Advocacy Incubator, ‘How 
is Brazil’s Food Industry Undermining 
Healthy School Meals Policy?’, 24 July 2025, 
<www.advocacyincubator.org/news/2025-
07-24-how-is-brazils-food-industry-un­
dermining-healthy-school-meals-policy>, 
accessed 05 August 2025.
328.	Caro, Juan Carlos, et al., ‘Chile’s 2014 Sug­
ar-Sweetened Beverage Tax and Changes 
in Prices and Purchases of Sugar-Sweet­
ened Beverages: An observational study in 
an urban environment’, PLoS Medicine, vol. 
15, no. 7, 3 July 2018, art. e1002597. 
HOW FOOD ENVIRONMENTS ARE FAILING CHILDREN  105
329.	Dillman Carpentier, Francesca R. et al., 
‘Restricting Child-Directed Ads is Effective, 
But Adding a Time-Based Ban is Better: 
Evaluating a multi-phase regulation to 
protect children from unhealthy food mar­
keting on television’, International Journal 
of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity, 
vol. 20, no. 1, 26 May. 2023, art. 62. 
330.	Reyes, Marcela, et al., ‘Changes in the 
Amount of Nutrient of Packaged Foods 
and Beverages after the Initial Implemen­
tation of the Chilean Law of Food Labelling 
and Advertising: A nonexperimental 
prospective study’, PLoS Medicine, vol. 17, 
no. 7, 28 July 2020, art. e1003220. 
331.	Crosbie, Eric, et al., ‘A Policy Study on 
Front-of-Pack Nutrition Labeling in the 
Americas: Emerging developments and 
outcomes’, Lancet Regional Health. Ameri­
cas, vol. 18, 1 December 2022, art. 100400. 
332.	Colchero, M. Arantxa, et al., ‘Beverage Pur­
chases from Stores in Mexico Under the 
Excise Tax on Sugar Sweetened Beverages: 
Observational study’, British Medical Jour­
nal, vol. 352, 6 January 2016, art. h6704.
333.	Colchero M. Arantxa, et al., ‘Changes in 
Prices of Taxed Sugar-Sweetened Beverag­
es and Nonessential Energy Dense Food 
in Rural and Semi-Rural Areas in Mexico, 
Salud Publica de Mexico, vol. 59, no. 2, 
March to April 2017, pp. 137–146. 
334.	Batis, Carolina, et al., ‘First-Year Evalu­
ation of Mexico’s Tax on Nonessential 
Energy-Dense Foods: An observational 
study’, PLoS Medicine, vol. 13, no. 7, 5 July 
2016, art. e1002057. 
335.	Taillie, Lindsey Smith, et al., ‘Do High vs. 
Low Purchasers Respond Differently to 
a Nonessential Energy Dense Food Tax? 
Two-year evaluation of Mexico’s 8% non­
essential food tax’, Preventive Medicine, vol. 
105S, December 2017, pp. S37–S42.
336.	Hernández-F., Mauricio, et al., ‘Reduction 
in Purchases of Energy-Dense Nutri­
ent-Poor Foods in Mexico Associated 
with the Introduction of a Tax in 2014, 
Preventive Medicine, vol. 118, January 2019, 
pp. 16–22.
337.	United Nations Children’s Fund, Front-
of-Pack Nutrition Labelling to Prevent 
Childhood Obesity in Argentina and Mexico. 
A case study, UNICEF, New York, December 
2024.
338.	Contreras-Manzano, Alejandra, et al., 
‘Self-Reported Decreases in the Purchases 
of Selected Unhealthy Foods Resulting 
from the Implementation of Warning 
Labels in Mexican Youth and Adult Popu­
lation’, International Journal of Behavioral 
Nutrition and Physical Activity, vol. 21, no. 1, 
14 June 2024, art. 64.
339.	Salgado, Juan Carlos, et al., ‘Product Refor­
mulation in Non-Alcoholic Beverages and 
Foods After the Implementation of Front-
of-Pack Warning Labels in Mexico’, PLoS 
Medicine, vol. 22, no. 3, 18 March 2025, art. 
e1004533. 
340.	Official Gazette of the Federation, Gov­
ernment of Mexico, ‘Acuerdo Mediante 
el cual se Establecen los Lineamientos 
Generales a los que Deberán Sujetarse la 
Preparación, la Distribución y el Expendio 
de los Alimentos y Bebidas Preparados, 
Procesados y a Granel, Así Como el Fomen­
to de los Estilos de Vida Saludables en 
Alimentación, dentro de toda Escuela del 
Sistema Educativo Nacional (Agreement 
Establishing the General Guidelines 
Governing the Preparation, Distribution, 
and Sale of Prepared, Processed and 
Bulk Foods and Beverages, as well as the 
Promotion of Healthy Eating Lifestyles 
Within Every School in the National 
Education System)’, 30 September 2024, 
<www.dof.gob.mx/nota_detalle.php?codi­
go=5740005&fecha=30/09/2024#gsc.
tab=0>, accessed 29 August 2025. 
341.	UNICEF, System-wide Approaches to 
Childhood and Adolescent Overweight and 
Obesity, UNICEF, New York, forthcoming.
342.	United Nations Department of Economic 
and Social Affairs, Population Division, 
World Population Prospects 2024: The 2024 
revision, United Nations Department of 
Economic and Social Affairs, New York, 
2024.
343.	United Nations Department of Economic 
and Social Affairs, Population Division, 
World Population Prospects 2022: The 2022 
revision, United Nations Department of 
Economic and Social Affairs, New York, 
2022.
344.	World Bank, ‘World Bank country classi­
fications by income level for 2024–2025’, 
World Bank, Washington, 2024, available 
at <https://blogs.worldbank.org/en/
opendata/world-bank-country-classifica­
tions-by-income-level-for-2024-2025>.
345.	Food and Agriculture Organization of the 
United Nations, International Fund for 
Agricultural Organization, United Nations 
Children’s Fund, World Food Programme, 
and World Health Organization, The State 
of Food Security and Nutrition in the World 
2024 Financing to end hunger, food security 
and malnutrition in all its form. Supplemen­
tary Material, FAO, Rome, 2024. 
346.	World Bank, ‘FY25 List of Fragile and 
Conflict Affected Countries’, World Bank, 
Washington, 2024, <https://thedocs.
worldbank.org/en/doc/b3c737c4687d­
b176ec98f5c434d0de91-0090082024/
original
106  FEEDING PROFIT
for every child,
Whoever she is.
Wherever he lives.
Every child deserves a childhood.
A future.
A fair chance.
That’s why UNICEF is there.
For each and every child.
Working day in and day out.
In more than 190 countries and territories.
Reaching the hardest to reach.
The furthest from help.
The most excluded.
It’s why we stay to the end.
And never give up.
